FACT: "Happy Birthday to You", or simply "Happy Birthday", is an American song traditionally sung to celebrate a person's birthday.
FACT: "I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream" is a post-apocalyptic short story by American writer Harlan Ellison.
FACT: "The Star-Spangled Banner" is the national anthem of the United States.
FACT: 10 Things I Hate About You is a 1999 American teen romantic comedy film directed by Gil Junger in his film directorial debut and starring Julia Stiles, Heath Ledger, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Larisa Oleynik, Larry Miller, Andrew Keegan, David Krumholtz, Susan May Pratt, and Gabrielle Union.
FACT: 12 Angry Men is a 1957 American legal drama film directed by Sidney Lumet in his feature directorial debut, adapted by Reginald Rose from his 1954 teleplay.
FACT: 12 Years a Slave is a 2013 biographical historical drama film directed by Steve McQueen from a screenplay by John Ridley, based on the 1853 slave memoir Twelve Years a Slave by Solomon Northup, a Black American, who was kidnapped from Washington, D.C. by two conmen in 1841 and sold into slavery.
FACT: 2 Broke Girls is an American television sitcom that aired on CBS from September 19, 2011, to April 17, 2017.
FACT: 24 is an American action drama television series created by Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran for Fox.
FACT: 28 Days Later is a 2002 British post-apocalyptic horror film directed by Danny Boyle and written by Alex Garland.
FACT: 4chan is an anonymous English-language imageboard website.
FACT: 7-Eleven, Inc. is an American convenience store chain, headquartered in Irving, Texas.
FACT: 8kun, previously called 8chan, Infinitechan or Infinitychan, is an imageboard website composed of user-created message boards.
FACT: 9-1-1 is an American procedural drama television series created by Ryan Murphy, Brad Falchuk, and Tim Minear.
FACT: A Beautiful Mind is a 2001 American biographical drama film about the mathematician John Nash who won a Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.
FACT: A Clockwork Orange is a 1971 dystopian crime film written, produced, and directed by Stanley Kubrick.
FACT: A Few Good Men is a 1992 American legal drama film, produced and directed by Rob Reiner and written by Aaron Sorkin, who adapted his 1989 play.
FACT: A Game of Thrones is an epic fantasy novel by American author George R.
FACT: A Midsummer Night's Dream is a comedy play written by William Shakespeare in about 1595 or 1596.
FACT: A Minecraft Movie is a 2025 fantasy adventure comedy film based on the 2011 video game Minecraft developed and published by Mojang Studios.
FACT: A Star Is Born is a 2018 American musical romantic drama produced and directed by Bradley Cooper with a screenplay by Cooper, Eric Roth and Will Fetters.
FACT: A computer is a machine that can be programmed to automatically carry out sequences of arithmetic or logical operations (computation).
FACT: A&W Concentrate Company, doing business as A&W Restaurants, or simply A&W, is an American fast food restaurant chain distinguished by its "Burger Family" combos, draft root beer and root beer floats.
FACT: AFC Bournemouth is a professional football club based in Kings Park, Boscombe, a suburb of Bournemouth, Dorset, England.
FACT: AOL Media LLC is an American web portal and former online service provider based in New York City, and a brand marketed by Italian conglomerate Bending Spoons.
FACT: Aaron Burr Jr. was an American politician, businessman, and lawyer who served as the third vice president of the United States from 1801 to 1805, during Thomas Jefferson's first presidential term.
FACT: Abbey Road is the eleventh studio album by the English rock band the Beatles, released on 26 September 1969, by Apple Records.
FACT: Abdul Qadeer Khan was a Pakistani nuclear physicist and metallurgical engineer.
FACT: Abdulaziz bin Abdul Rahman Al Saud ;, known in the Western world as Ibn Saud, was a Najdi statesman and religious leader who became the founder and first king of Saudi Arabia, reigning from 23 September 1932 until his death in 1953.
FACT: Abdullah II is the King of Jordan, having ascended the throne on 7 February 1999.
FACT: Abdullah bin Abdulaziz Al Saud was King and Prime Minister of Saudi Arabia from 1 August 2005 until his death in 2015.
FACT: Abraham Lincoln was the 16th president of the United States, serving from 1861 until his assassination in 1865.
FACT: Adam Smith was a Scottish economist and philosopher who was a pioneer in the field of political economy and key figure during the Scottish Enlightenment.
FACT: Adeline Virginia Woolf was an English writer and one of the most influential 20th-century modernist authors.
FACT: Adolf Hitler was an Austrian-born German politician who was the dictator of Germany during the Nazi era from 1933 until his suicide in 1945.
FACT: Ahmad Shah Qajar was the shah of Iran (Persia) from 16 July 1909 to 15 December 1925, and the seventh and final ruling member of the Qajar dynasty.
FACT: Air Canada is the flag carrier and the largest airline of Canada, by size and passengers carried.
FACT: Air India is the flag carrier of India, headquartered in Gurugram, Haryana.
FACT: Airbnb, Inc. is an American company operating an online marketplace for short-and-long-term homestays, experiences and services in various countries and regions.
FACT: Akbar, also known as Akbar the Great, was the third Mughal emperor, who reigned from 1556 to 1605.
FACT: Akihito is a member of the Imperial House of Japan who reigned as the 125th emperor of Japan from 7 January 1989 until his abdication on 30 April 2019.
FACT: Akira Kurosawa was a Japanese filmmaker who directed 30 feature films in a career spanning six decades.
FACT: Al Arabiya is a Saudi Arabian state-owned international Arabic-language television news channel.
FACT: Alain Fabien Maurice Marcel Delon was a French actor, film producer, screenwriter, singer, and businessman.
FACT: Alamgir I, commonly known by the title Aurangzeb, was the sixth Mughal emperor, reigning from 1658 until his death in 1707.
FACT: Alan Sidney Patrick Rickman was an English actor.
FACT: Alan Wolf Arkin was an American actor, filmmaker and musician.
FACT: Albert Arnold Gore Jr. is an American politician, businessman, and environmentalist who served as the 45th vice president of the United States from 1993 to 2001 under President Bill Clinton.
FACT: Albert Camus was a French philosopher, novelist, author, dramatist, journalist, world federalist, and political activist.
FACT: Albert Einstein was a German-born theoretical physicist best known for developing the theory of relativity.
FACT: Aldi is the common company brand name of two German multinational family-owned discount supermarket chains operating over 13,500 stores in 18 countries.
FACT: Aldous Leonard Huxley was an English writer and philosopher.
FACT: Alex & Sigges podcast startar.
FACT: Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson is a British politician and writer who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Leader of the Conservative Party from 2019 to 2022.
FACT: Alexander Graham Bell was a Scottish-born Canadian-American inventor, scientist, and engineer who is credited with patenting the first practical telephone.
FACT: Alexander Hamilton was an American military officer, statesman, and Founding Father who served as the first U.S. secretary of the treasury from 1789 to 1795 under the presidency of George Washington.
FACT: Alexander I, nicknamed "the Blessed", was Emperor of Russia from 1801, the first King of Congress Poland from 1815, and the Grand Duke of Finland from 1809 to his death in 1825.
FACT: Alexander II was Emperor of Russia, King of Poland, and Grand Duke of Finland from 2 March 1855 until his assassination on 13 March 1881.
FACT: Alexander III of Macedon, most commonly known as Alexander the Great, was king of the ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon.
FACT: Alexander III was Emperor of Russia, King of Poland and Grand Duke of Finland from 13 March 1881 until his death in 1894.
FACT: Alexandre Dumas, also known as Alexandre Dumas père, was a French novelist and playwright.
FACT: Alfred Nobel patenterar dynamiten.
FACT: Alfred the Great was King of the West Saxons from 871 to 886, and King of the Anglo-Saxons from 886 until his death in 899.
FACT: Ali ibn Abi Talib was the fourth Rashidun caliph who ruled from 656 CE until his assassination in 661, as well as the first Shia Imam.
FACT: Alibaba Group Holding Limited, branded as Alibaba, is a Chinese multinational technology company specializing in e-commerce, retail, Internet, and technology.
FACT: Alice O'Connor, better known by her pen name Ayn Rand, was a Russian-American writer and philosopher.
FACT: Alien is a 1979 science fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and written by Dan O'Bannon, based on a story by O'Bannon and Ronald Shusett.
FACT: Alien: Covenant is a 2017 science fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and written by John Logan and Dante Harper.
FACT: Almost Famous is a 2000 American comedy drama film written and directed by Cameron Crowe, starring Billy Crudup, Frances McDormand, Kate Hudson, Patrick Fugit, and Philip Seymour Hoffman.
FACT: Amadeus is a 1984 American period drama film directed by Miloš Forman.
FACT: Amazon.com, Inc. is an American multinational technology company engaged in e-commerce, cloud computing, online advertising, digital streaming, and artificial intelligence.
FACT: American Airlines, Inc. is a major airline in the United States headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, within the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex, and is the largest airline in the world in terms of passengers carried and daily flights.
FACT: American Beauty is a 1999 American black comedy and psychological drama film written by Alan Ball and directed by Sam Mendes in his feature directorial debut.
FACT: American Gangster is a 2007 American biographical crime drama film directed and produced by Ridley Scott and written by Steven Zaillian.
FACT: American History X is a 1998 American crime drama film directed by Tony Kaye in his feature directorial debut and written by David McKenna.
FACT: American Horror Story (AHS) is an American horror anthology television series created by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk for the cable network FX.
FACT: American Idol is an American singing competition television series created by Simon Fuller, produced by Fremantle North America and 19 Entertainment, and distributed by Fremantle North America.
FACT: American Pie is a 1999 American teen comedy film directed and co-produced by Paul Weitz and written by Adam Herz.
FACT: American Psycho is a 2000 black comedy horror film directed by Mary Harron, who co-wrote the screenplay with Guinevere Turner.
FACT: Amerigo Vespucci was an Italian explorer and navigator from the Republic of Florence after whom America is named.
FACT: Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax, also known as AFC Ajax, Ajax Amsterdam, or simply Ajax, is a Dutch professional football club based in Amsterdam, that plays in the Eredivisie, the top tier in Dutch football.
FACT: Amy Jade Winehouse was a British singer, songwriter, musician, and businesswoman.
FACT: Ancient Egyptian hieroglyphs were the formal writing system used in Ancient Egypt for writing the Egyptian language.
FACT: And Then There Were None is a mystery novel by the English writer Agatha Christie, who described it as the most difficult of her books to write.
FACT: Andrew Jackson was the seventh president of the United States from 1829 to 1837.
FACT: Andrew Johnson was the 17th president of the United States, serving from 1865 to 1869.
FACT: Andy Warhol was an American artist and filmmaker.
FACT: Angela Dorothea Merkel is a German stateswoman and retired politician who served as Chancellor of Germany from 2005 to 2021.
FACT: Angkor Wat is a Theravada Buddhist temple complex and the largest religious complex in the world.
FACT: Animal Farm is a satirical allegorical dystopian novella, in the form of a beast fable, by George Orwell, first published in England on 17 August 1945.
FACT: Anna's Archive is an open source search engine for shadow libraries that was launched by the pseudonymous Anna shortly after law enforcement efforts to shut down Z-Library in 2022.
FACT: Anne of Green Gables is a 1908 novel by Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery.
FACT: Anne was Queen of England, Scotland, and Ireland from 8 March 1702, and Queen of Great Britain and Ireland following the ratification of the Acts of Union 1707 merging the kingdoms of England and Scotland, until her death in 1714.
FACT: Anora is a 2024 American romantic comedy-drama film written, directed, produced, and edited by Sean Baker.
FACT: Anthony Norman Albanese is an Australian politician who has served as the 31st prime minister of Australia since 2022.
FACT: Anton Pavlovich Chekhov was a Russian playwright and short story writer, widely considered one of the greatest writers of all time.
FACT: Antonio Lucio Vivaldi was an Italian composer, virtuoso violinist and impresario of Baroque music.
FACT: Apocalypse Now is a 1979 American psychological epic war film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola.
FACT: Apocalypto is a 2006 epic historical action-adventure film produced and directed by Mel Gibson, who co-wrote the screenplay with Farhad Safinia.
FACT: Apollo 11 was the American spaceflight that first landed humans on the Moon, and the fifth crewed mission of NASA's Apollo program.
FACT: Apollo 13 was the seventh crewed mission in the Apollo space program and would have been the third Moon landing.
FACT: Apple Wallet is a digital wallet developed by Apple Inc. and included with iOS and watchOS that allows users to store Wallet passes such as coupons, boarding passes, student ID cards, government ID cards, business credentials, resort passes, car keys, home keys, event tickets, public transportation passes, store cards, and – starting with iOS 8.1 – credit cards, and debit cards for use via Apple Pay.
FACT: Archimedes of Syracuse was an Ancient Greek mathematician, physicist, engineer, astronomer, and inventor from the city of Syracuse in Sicily.
FACT: Aretha Louise Franklin was an American singer, songwriter and pianist.
FACT: Argo is a 2012 American historical political espionage drama thriller film directed by, produced by, and starring Ben Affleck.
FACT: Ariel "Arik" Sharon was an Israeli general and politician who served as the prime minister of Israel from March 2001 until April 2006.
FACT: Aristotle was an ancient Greek philosopher and polymath.
FACT: Arrival is a 2016 American science fiction drama film directed by Denis Villeneuve and written by Eric Heisserer, based on the 1998 novella "Story of Your Life" by Ted Chiang.
FACT: Art Deco, short for the French Arts décoratifs, is a style of visual arts, architecture, and product design that first appeared in Paris in the 1910s just before World War I and flourished internationally during the 1920s to early 1930s, through styling and design of the exterior and interior of anything from large structures to small objects, including clothing, fashion, and jewelry.
FACT: Art Nouveau, Jugendstil in German, is an international style of art, architecture, and applied art, especially the decorative arts.
FACT: Arthur Christopher Orme Plummer was a Canadian actor.
FACT: Arthur Neville Chamberlain was a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from May 1937 to May 1940 and Leader of the Conservative Party from May 1937 to October 1940.
FACT: Arthur Schopenhauer was a German philosopher.
FACT: Ashoka, also known as Asoka or Aśoka, most commonly known as Ashoka the Great, was Emperor of Magadha from c.
FACT: Association Sportive de Monaco Football Club, commonly referred to as AS Monaco, is a professional football club based in Fontvieille, Monaco.
FACT: Associazione Calcio Firenze Fiorentina, commonly referred to as Fiorentina, is an Italian professional football club based in Florence, Tuscany.
FACT: Associazione Calcio Milan, commonly referred to as Milan or AC Milan mainly outside of Italy, is an Italian professional football club based in Milan, Lombardy.
FACT: Associazione Sportiva Roma is a professional football club based in Rome, Italy.
FACT: Aston Villa Football Club is a professional football club based in Aston, Birmingham, England.
FACT: Atal Bihari Vajpayee was an Indian poet, writer and statesman who served as the prime minister of India, first for a term of 13 days in 1996, then for 6 years from 1998 to 2004.
FACT: Atalanta Bergamasca Calcio, commonly referred to as Atalanta, is an Italian professional football club based in Bergamo, Lombardy, Italy, who compete in Serie A, the top tier of the Italian league system.
FACT: Athletic Club, commonly known as Athletic Bilbao, or simply Athletic, is a professional football club based in the city of Bilbao, Spain.
FACT: Atlas Shrugged is a 1957 novel by Ayn Rand.
FACT: Atonement is a 2007 romantic war tragedy film directed by Joe Wright and starring James McAvoy, Keira Knightley, Saoirse Ronan, Romola Garai, and Vanessa Redgrave.
FACT: Attack on Titan is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hajime Isayama.
FACT: Audrey Kathleen Hepburn was a British actress.
FACT: Augusta Ada King, Countess of Lovelace, also known as Ada Lovelace, was an English mathematician and writer chiefly known for work on Charles Babbage's proposed mechanical general-purpose computer, the analytical engine.
FACT: Augustine of Hippo was a Christian theologian and philosopher from Roman Africa.
FACT: Augustus, also known as Octavian, was the founder of the Roman Empire and the first Roman emperor from 27 BC until his death in AD 14.
FACT: Aung San Suu Kyi is a Burmese politician, diplomat and author who served as State Counsellor of Myanmar and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2016 to 2021.
FACT: Avatar is a 2009 epic science fiction film written and directed by James Cameron.
FACT: Avatar: Fire and Ash is a 2025 American epic science fiction film directed by James Cameron from a screenplay he co-wrote with Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver.
FACT: Avatar: The Way of Water is a 2022 American epic science fiction film directed by James Cameron and written by Cameron, Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver.
FACT: Avengers: Endgame is a 2019 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers.
FACT: Avengers: Infinity War is a 2018 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers.
FACT: BBC News is an operational business division of the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) responsible for the gathering and broadcasting of news and current affairs in the UK and around the world.
FACT: BYD Auto Co., Ltd. is the automotive subsidiary of BYD Company, a publicly listed Chinese multinational manufacturing company.
FACT: Babur was the founder of the Mughal Empire in the Indian subcontinent.
FACT: Back to the Future is a 1985 American science fiction film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Zemeckis and Bob Gale.
FACT: Ballspielverein Borussia 09 e.
FACT: Band on the Run is the third studio album by the British rock band Paul McCartney and Wings, released on 30 November 1973 in the United Kingdom and 5 December 1973 in the United States.
FACT: Banshee is an American action crime thriller television series created by Jonathan Tropper and David Schickler that aired on Cinemax for four seasons from January 11, 2013, to May 20, 2016, comprising a total of 38 episodes.
FACT: Barack Hussein Obama II is an American politician who served as the 44th president of the United States from 2009 to 2017.
FACT: Barak 8, also known as LR-SAM or MR-SAM, is an Indian-Israeli jointly developed surface-to-air missile (SAM) system, designed to defend against any type of airborne threat including aircraft, helicopters, anti-ship missiles, and UAVs as well as ballistic missiles, cruise missiles and combat jets.
FACT: Barbie is a 2023 satirical fantasy comedy film directed by Greta Gerwig from a screenplay she wrote with her husband, Noah Baumbach.
FACT: Barbie is a fashion doll franchise created by American businesswoman Ruth Handler, manufactured by American toy and entertainment company Mattel and introduced on March 9, 1959.
FACT: Barry Lyndon is a 1975 epic historical drama film written, directed, and produced by Stanley Kubrick, based on the 1844 novel The Luck of Barry Lyndon by William Makepeace Thackeray.
FACT: Baruch (de) Spinoza, also known under his Latinized pen name Benedictus de Spinoza, was a philosopher of Portuguese-Jewish origin, who was born and lived in the Dutch Republic.
FACT: Batman Begins is a 2005 superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman.
FACT: Batman is a superhero who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics.
FACT: Bayer 04 Leverkusen, officially known as Bayer 04 Leverkusen Fußball GmbH and commonly known as Bayer Leverkusen or simply Leverkusen, is a German professional football club based in Leverkusen, North Rhine-Westphalia.
FACT: Beastars is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Paru Itagaki.
FACT: Ben-Hur is a 1959 American religious epic film directed by William Wyler, produced by Sam Zimbalist, and starring Charlton Heston as the title character.
FACT: Benito Pablo Juárez García was a Mexican politician, military officer, and lawyer who served as the 26th president of Mexico from 1858 until his death in 1872.
FACT: Benjamin "Bibi" Netanyahu is an Israeli politician and diplomat who has served as Prime Minister of Israel since 2022.
FACT: Benjamin Disraeli, 1st Earl of Beaconsfield, was a British statesman, Conservative politician and writer who twice served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.
FACT: Benjamin Franklin was an American polymath: a writer, scientist, inventor, statesman, diplomat, printer, publisher and political philosopher.
FACT: Benjamin Harrison was the 23rd president of the United States, serving from 1889 to 1893.
FACT: Berserk is a Japanese manga series created by Kentaro Miura.
FACT: Bertrand Arthur William Russell, 3rd Earl Russell, was an English philosopher, logician, mathematician, and public intellectual.
FACT: Better Call Saul is an American neo-noir legal crime drama television series created by Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould for AMC.
FACT: Betty Joan Perske, known professionally as Lauren Bacall, was an American actress.
FACT: Bhagat Singh was an Indian anti-colonial revolutionary who participated in the mistaken murder of a junior British police officer in December 1928 in what was intended to be retaliation for the death of an Indian nationalist.
FACT: Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar was an Indian jurist, economist, social reformer and politician who chaired the committee that drafted the Constitution of India based on the debates of the Constituent Assembly of India and the first draft of Sir Benegal Narsing Rau.
FACT: Bilibili, nicknamed B Site, is a Chinese online video sharing website based in Shanghai where users can submit, view, and add overlaid commentary on videos.
FACT: Billie Holiday was an American jazz and swing music singer.
FACT: Birdman, stylized as BİRDMAN or, is a 2014 American satirical surrealist black comedy-drama film directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu.
FACT: Black Clover is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yūki Tabata.
FACT: Black Desert Online is a sandbox-oriented fantasy massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed by Korean video game developer Pearl Abyss and originally published for Microsoft Windows in 2015.
FACT: Black Hawk Down is a 2001 American war film directed and produced by Ridley Scott, and co-produced by Jerry Bruckheimer, from a screenplay by Ken Nolan.
FACT: Black Myth: Wukong‍ is a 2024 action role-playing game developed and published by Game Science.
FACT: Black Panther is a 2018 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name.
FACT: Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is a 2022 American superhero film based on Marvel Comics featuring the character Shuri / Black Panther.
FACT: Black Swan is a 2010 American psychological horror thriller film directed by Darren Aronofsky from a screenplay by Mark Heyman, John McLaughlin, and Andres Heinz, based on a story by Heinz.
FACT: Blackburn Rovers Football Club is a professional football club based in Blackburn, Lancashire, England, which competes in the EFL Championship, the second level of the English football league system.
FACT: Blade Runner is a 1982 science fiction film directed by Ridley Scott from a screenplay by Hampton Fancher and David Peoples.
FACT: Blood Sugar Sex Magik is the fifth studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, released on September 24, 1991, by Warner Bros.
FACT: Blue Velvet is a 1986 American neo-noir mystery thriller film written and directed by David Lynch.
FACT: Bluesky is an American microblogging social media service.
FACT: Bob Dylan is an American singer-songwriter.
FACT: Bones is an American police procedural drama television series created by Hart Hanson for Fox.
FACT: Boris Nikolayevich Yeltsin was a Soviet and Russian politician who served as President of Russia from 1991 to 1999.
FACT: Brave New World is a dystopian novel by English author Aldous Huxley, written in 1931, and published in 1932.
FACT: Braveheart is a 1995 American epic historical war drama film directed and produced by Mel Gibson, who portrays Scottish warrior Sir William Wallace in the First War of Scottish Independence.
FACT: Breaking Bad is an American neo-Western crime drama television series created and produced by Vince Gilligan for AMC.
FACT: Brian Douglas Wilson was an American musician, singer, songwriter and record producer who co-founded the Beach Boys and received widespread recognition as one of the most innovative and significant musical figures of his era.
FACT: Bridgerton is an American alternative history, Regency romance television series created by Chris Van Dusen for Netflix.
FACT: Brigitte Anne-Marie Bardot, often referred to by her initials B.B., was a French actress, singer, model, and animal rights activist.
FACT: British Airways plc (BA) is the flag carrier of the United Kingdom.
FACT: Brittany Anne Murphy-Monjack was an American actress and singer, known for her equal mastery of the comedy and drama genres.
FACT: Brokeback Mountain is a 2005 American neo-Western romantic drama film directed by Ang Lee and produced by Diana Ossana and James Schamus.
FACT: Brooklyn Nine-Nine is an American police procedural sitcom television series that aired on Fox from September 17, 2013, to May 20, 2018, and later on NBC, from January 10, 2019, to September 16, 2021, for eight seasons and 153 episodes.
FACT: Bruce Lee was a Hong Kong and American martial artist, actor, and filmmaker.
FACT: Buckingham Palace is the official residence and the administrative headquarters of the monarch of the United Kingdom in London.
FACT: Buffy the Vampire Slayer is an American supernatural horror drama television series created by Joss Whedon.
FACT: Burnley Football Club is a professional football club based in Burnley, Lancashire, England.
FACT: ByteDance is a Chinese internet technology company headquartered in Haidian, Beijing.
FACT: Cabaret is an American musical with music by John Kander, lyrics by Fred Ebb, and a book by Joe Masteroff.
FACT: Call Her Daddy is an advice and comedy podcast created by Alex Cooper and Sofia Franklyn in 2018.
FACT: Call Me by Your Name is a 2017 coming-of-age romantic drama film directed by Luca Guadagnino.
FACT: Call of Duty: Modern Warfare is a 2019 first-person shooter game developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision.
FACT: Calvin Coolidge was the 30th president of the United States, serving from 1923 to 1929.
FACT: Calvin Klein Inc. is an American designer fashion retail chain marketing its eponymously branded products worldwide.
FACT: Camp Nou, officially Spotify Camp Nou for sponsorship reasons, and often referred to in English as the Nou Camp, is a stadium in Barcelona and the home of La Liga club FC Barcelona since its opening in 1957.
FACT: Captain America: Brave New World is a 2025 American superhero film based on Marvel Comics featuring the character Sam Wilson / Captain America.
FACT: Captain James Cook was a British Royal Navy officer, explorer, and cartographer who led three voyages of exploration to the Pacific and Southern Oceans between 1768 and 1779.
FACT: Carl Edward Sagan was an American astronomer, planetary scientist and science communicator.
FACT: Carlos Ray "Chuck" Norris was an American martial artist, actor, screenwriter, and author.
FACT: Carrie Frances Fisher was an American actress and writer.
FACT: Cars is a 2006 American animated sports comedy film produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures.
FACT: Cartoon Network (CN) is an American cable television channel operated by the Global Linear Networks division of Warner Bros.
FACT: Cary Grant was an English-American actor.
FACT: Casablanca is a 1942 American romantic drama film directed by Michael Curtiz and starring Humphrey Bogart, Ingrid Bergman, and Paul Henreid.
FACT: Casino Royale is a 2006 spy thriller film, the twenty-first in the James Bond series by Eon Productions, the third screen adaptation of Ian Fleming's 1953 novel of the same name, and the first to star Daniel Craig as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond.
FACT: Casino is a 1995 epic crime film directed by Martin Scorsese, adapted by Scorsese and Nicholas Pileggi from the latter's nonfiction book Casino: Love and Honor in Las Vegas.
FACT: Cast Away is a 2000 American survival drama film directed and produced by Robert Zemeckis, written by William Broyles Jr. and starring Tom Hanks, Helen Hunt, and Nick Searcy.
FACT: Catch Me If You Can is a 2002 American crime comedy-drama film directed and produced by Steven Spielberg and starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks with Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, Nathalie Baye, Amy Adams and James Brolin in supporting roles.
FACT: Cathay Pacific Airways Limited, or simply Cathay Pacific, is the flag carrier of Hong Kong, with its head office and main hub located at Hong Kong International Airport.
FACT: Catherine II, commonly known as Catherine the Great, was the Empress of Russia from 1762 to 1796.
FACT: Cats is a sung-through musical with music by Andrew Lloyd Webber.
FACT: Chainsaw Man is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuki Fujimoto.
FACT: Channel 4 is a British free-to-air public broadcast television channel owned and operated by Channel Four Television Corporation.
FACT: Charlemagne was King of the Franks from 768, King of the Lombards from 774, and Emperor of what is now known as the Carolingian Empire from 800.
FACT: Charles André Joseph Marie de Gaulle was a French general and statesman who led the Free French Forces against Nazi Germany and Vichy France in World War II and chaired the Provisional Government of the French Republic from 1944 to 1946 to restore democracy in France.
FACT: Charles Augustus Lindbergh was an American aviator, military officer, and author.
FACT: Charles Bronson was an American actor.
FACT: Charles Edward Anderson Berry was an American guitarist, singer, and songwriter; and one of the pioneers of rock and roll.
FACT: Charles Hardin Holley, known professionally by his stage name Buddy Holly, was an American singer, songwriter, and musician who was a central and pioneering figure of rock and roll.
FACT: Charles I and IV was Emperor of Austria, King of Hungary, and the ruler of the other states of the Habsburg monarchy from November 1916 until the monarchy was abolished in November 1918.
FACT: Charles I was King of England, Scotland, and Ireland from 27 March 1625 until his execution in 1649.
FACT: Charles II was King of Scotland from 1649 until 1651 and King of England, Scotland, and Ireland from the 1660 Restoration of the monarchy until his death in 1685.
FACT: Charles II was the king of Spain from 1665 to 1700.
FACT: Charles III is King of the United Kingdom and 14 other Commonwealth realms, a position he has held since 8 September 2022.
FACT: Charles John Huffam Dickens was an English writer and journalist.
FACT: Charles Lutwidge Dodgson, better known by his pen name Lewis Carroll, was an English author, poet, mathematician, photographer and reluctant Anglican deacon.
FACT: Charles Milles Manson was an American criminal, cult leader, and musician who was the founder of the Manson Family.
FACT: Charles Robert Darwin was an English naturalist, geologist, and biologist, widely known for his contributions to evolutionary biology.
FACT: Charles Robert Redford Jr. was an American actor, director and producer, celebrated for his magnetic presence as a leading man during the American New Wave.
FACT: Charles V was Holy Roman Emperor and Archduke of Austria from 1519 to 1556, King of Spain from 1516 to 1556, King of Sicily and Naples from 1516 to 1554, and also Lord of the Netherlands and titular Duke of Burgundy from 1506 to 1555.
FACT: Charlotte Nicholls, commonly known by her maiden name Charlotte Brontë, was an English novelist and poet, and was the elder sister of Emily, Anne and Branwell Brontë.
FACT: Charlton Heston was an American actor.
FACT: ChatGPT is a generative artificial intelligence chatbot developed by OpenAI.
FACT: Chelsea Football Club is an English professional football club based in Fulham, West London, England.
FACT: Chess is a musical with music by Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus of the pop group ABBA, lyrics by Ulvaeus and Tim Rice, and book by Rice.
FACT: Chester Alan Arthur was the 21st president of the United States, serving from 1881 to 1885.
FACT: Chester Charles Bennington was an American singer and songwriter who was the lead vocalist of the rock band Linkin Park.
FACT: Chevrolet is an American automobile division of the manufacturer General Motors (GM).
FACT: Chicago Fire is an American procedural drama series broadcast by NBC.
FACT: Chicago is an American musical with music by John Kander, lyrics by Fred Ebb, and book by Ebb and Bob Fosse.
FACT: Chichen Itza was a large pre-Columbian city built by the Maya people of the Terminal Classic period.
FACT: Children of Dune is a 1976 science fiction novel by Frank Herbert, the third in his Dune series of six novels.
FACT: Children of Men is a 2006 dystopian action thriller film directed and co-written by Alfonso Cuarón.
FACT: Chloe Anthony Wofford "Toni" Morrison was an American novelist and editor.
FACT: Christ the Redeemer is an Art Deco statue of Jesus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, created by French-Polish sculptor Paul Landowski and built by Brazilian engineer Heitor da Silva Costa, in collaboration with French engineer Albert Caquot.
FACT: Christopher Columbus was an Italian explorer and navigator from the Republic of Genoa who completed four Spanish-based voyages across the Atlantic Ocean sponsored by the Catholic Monarchs, opening the way for the widespread European exploration and colonization of the Americas.
FACT: Christopher John Cornell was an American musician, best known as the lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist, and the primary lyricist for the rock bands Soundgarden and Audioslave.
FACT: Citizen Kane is a 1941 American drama film directed by, produced by, and starring Orson Welles and co-written by Welles and Herman J.
FACT: Civil unrest and protests against the government of the Islamic Republic of Iran associated with the death in police custody of Mahsa Amini began on 16 September 2022 and carried on into 2023, but by spring 2023, the protests had largely subsided, ultimately leaving the political leadership unchanged and firmly entrenched in power.
FACT: Claude Elwood Shannon was an American polymath who was a mathematician, electrical engineer, computer scientist, cryptographer and inventor known as the "father of information theory" and the man who laid the foundations of the Information Age.
FACT: Claudia Sheinbaum Pardo is a Mexican politician, energy and climate change scientist, and academic who has been serving as the 66th president of Mexico since 2024.
FACT: Cleopatra VII Thea Philopator was Queen of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt from 51 to 30 BC, and the last active Hellenistic pharaoh.
FACT: Club Atlético River Plate (CARP) is an Argentine professional sports club based in the Nuñez neighborhood of Buenos Aires.
FACT: Club Atlético de Madrid, S.A.D., commonly referred to as Atlético Madrid or simply Atlético and colloquially as Atleti, is a Spanish professional football club based in Madrid that plays in La Liga.
FACT: Clube de Regatas do Flamengo, more commonly referred to as simply Flamengo, is a Brazilian multi-sports club based in Rio de Janeiro, in the neighborhood of Gávea.
FACT: Cnut, also known as Canute and with the epithet the Great, was King of England from 1016, King of Denmark from 1018, and King of Norway from 1028 until his death in 1035.
FACT: Coca-Cola, or Coke, is a cola soft drink manufactured by the Coca-Cola Company.
FACT: Cologne Cathedral is a Catholic cathedral in Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia.
FACT: Commodus was Roman emperor from 177 to 192, first serving as nominal co-emperor under his father Marcus Aurelius and then ruling alone from 180.
FACT: Confucius, born Kong Qiu, was a Chinese philosopher of the Spring and Autumn period who is traditionally considered the paragon of Chinese sages.
FACT: Constantine I, also known as Constantine the Great, or known mononymously as Constantine, was Roman emperor from AD 306 to 337 and the first Roman emperor to convert to Christianity.
FACT: Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy, usually referred to in English as Leo Tolstoy, was a Russian writer.
FACT: Crash is a 2004 American crime drama film directed by Paul Haggis, who co-wrote the screenplay and produced the film with Robert Moresco.
FACT: Crime and Punishment is a novel by the Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky.
FACT: Crystal Palace Football Club, often referred to simply as Palace, is a professional football club based in Selhurst, South London, England, which competes in the Premier League, the highest level of English football.
FACT: Cuneiform is a logo-syllabic writing system that was used to write several languages of the ancient Near East.
FACT: Cyrus II of Persia, commonly known as Cyrus the Great, was the founder of the Achaemenid Empire.
FACT: Dailymotion is a French online video sharing platform owned by Canal+.
FACT: Dallas Buyers Club is a 2013 American biographical drama film written by Craig Borten and Melisa Wallack, and directed by Jean-Marc Vallée.
FACT: Dame Agatha Mary Clarissa Mallowan, Lady Mallowan, usually known by her first married name, Agatha Christie, was an English author known for her 66 detective novels and 14 short-story collections, particularly those revolving around fictional detectives Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple.
FACT: Dame Elizabeth Rosemond Taylor was a British and American actress.
FACT: Dame Jacinda Kate Laurell Ardern is a New Zealand politician and activist who was the 40th prime minister of New Zealand and leader of the Labour Party from 2017 to 2023.
FACT: Dame Margaret Natalie Smith was a British actress.
FACT: Dame Zaha Mohammad Hadid was an Iraqi and British architect, artist, and designer.
FACT: Dandadan (ダンダダン), also written as Dan Da Dan, is a Japanese web manga series writen and illustrated by Yukinobu Tatsu.
FACT: Dante Alighieri, widely known mononymously as Dante, was an Italian poet, writer, and philosopher.
FACT: Daredevil: Born Again is an American television series created by Dario Scardapane and Matt Corman & Chris Ord for the streaming service Disney+, based on Marvel Comics featuring the character Daredevil.
FACT: Darius I, commonly known as Darius the Great, was the third King of Kings of the Achaemenid Empire, reigning from 522 BCE until his death in 486 BCE.
FACT: Darth Vader is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise.
FACT: David Ben-Gurion was the primary national founder and first prime minister of the State of Israel.
FACT: David Crockett was an American politician, militia officer and frontiersman.
FACT: David Keith Lynch was an American filmmaker, actor, painter, and musician.
FACT: David Robert Jones, known as David Bowie, was an English singer, songwriter and actor.
FACT: David Rockefeller was an American economist and investment banker who served as chairman and chief executive of Chase Manhattan Corporation.
FACT: David Van Cortlandt Crosby was an American singer, songwriter, and guitarist.
FACT: David William Donald Cameron, Baron Cameron of Chipping Norton, is a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 2010 to 2016.
FACT: David is a masterpiece of Italian Renaissance sculpture in marble created from 1501 to 1504 by Michelangelo.
FACT: Dead Poets Society is a 1989 American coming-of-age drama film directed by Peter Weir and written by Tom Schulman.
FACT: Deadpool & Wolverine is a 2024 American superhero film based on Marvel Comics featuring the characters Deadpool and Wolverine.
FACT: Dean Martin was an American singer, actor, comedian and television host.
FACT: Death Note is a Japanese manga series written by Tsugumi Ohba and illustrated by Takeshi Obata.
FACT: Death Stranding 2: On the Beach is a 2025 action-adventure game written, produced, designed, and directed by Hideo Kojima, developed by Kojima Productions and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
FACT: Death Stranding is a 2019 action-adventure game developed by Kojima Productions and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
FACT: Delicious in Dungeon, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Ryoko Kui.
FACT: Delta Air Lines, Inc. is a major airline in the United States headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, operating nine hubs, with Hartsfield–Jackson Atlanta International Airport being its largest in terms of total passengers and number of departures.
FACT: Demon Days is the second studio album by the British virtual band Gorillaz.
FACT: Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Koyoharu Gotouge.
FACT: Dennis Lee Hopper was an American actor, filmmaker, photographer and visual artist.
FACT: Deutsche Lufthansa AG, trading as the Lufthansa Group, is a German aviation holding company.
FACT: Devanagari is an Indic script used in the Indian subcontinent.
FACT: Devil's Advocate is a 1997 American supernatural horror film directed by Taylor Hackford, written by Jonathan Lemkin and Tony Gilroy, and starring Keanu Reeves, Al Pacino and Charlize Theron.
FACT: Dexter is an American crime television series that initially aired on Showtime from October 1, 2006, to September 22, 2013.
FACT: Diego Armando Maradona was an Argentine professional football player and manager.
FACT: Diocletian, nicknamed Jovius, was Roman emperor from 284 until his abdication in 305.
FACT: Diogo José Teixeira da Silva, commonly known as Diogo Jota, was a Portuguese professional footballer who played as a forward and winger.
FACT: Discord is an instant messaging and VoIP social platform that allows communication through voice calls, video calls, text messaging, and media.
FACT: Disney Channel is an American pay television channel that serves as the flagship property of Disney Branded Television, a unit of the Disney Entertainment business segment of the Walt Disney Company.
FACT: Django Unchained is a 2012 American revisionist Western film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
FACT: Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
FACT: Doctor Doom is a supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
FACT: Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness is a 2022 American superhero film based on Marvel Comics featuring the character Doctor Strange.
FACT: Doctor Who is a British science fiction television series broadcast by the BBC since 1963.
FACT: Dog Day Afternoon is a 1975 American biographical crime drama film directed by Sidney Lumet and produced by Martin Bregman and Martin Elfand.
FACT: Don Quixote, the full title being The Ingenious Gentleman Don Quixote of La Mancha, is a Spanish novel by Miguel de Cervantes.
FACT: Don't Look Up is a 2021 American political satire black comedy film written, co-produced, and directed by Adam McKay from a story he co-wrote with David Sirota.
FACT: Donald Henry Rumsfeld was an American politician, businessman, and naval officer who served as the 13th United States secretary of defense from 1975 to 1977 under President Gerald Ford, and again as the 21st secretary of defense from 2001 to 2006 under President George W.
FACT: Donald John Trump is an American politician, media personality, and businessman who is the 47th president of the United States.
FACT: Donna Adrian Gaines, known professionally as Donna Summer, was an American singer and songwriter.
FACT: Donnie Darko is a 2001 American science fiction psychological thriller film written and directed by Richard Kelly in his directorial debut, and produced by Flower Films.
FACT: Doraemon (ドラえもん) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Fujiko F.
FACT: Doris Day was an American actress and singer.
FACT: Douglas MacArthur was an American general who served as a top commander during World War II and the Korean War, achieving the rank of General of the Army.
FACT: Downton Abbey is a British historical drama television series set in the early 20th century, created and co-written by Julian Fellowes.
FACT: Dr Pepper is a carbonated soft drink created in the 1880s by American pharmacist Charles Alderton in Waco, Texas.
FACT: Dr.
FACT: Dracula is an 1897 Gothic horror novel by Irish author Bram Stoker.
FACT: Dramatens nuvarande byggnad invigs vid Nybroplan.
FACT: Drive is a 2011 American action drama film directed by Nicolas Winding Refn.
FACT: Drottningholms slottsteater invigs.
FACT: Dune Messiah is a 1969 science fiction novel by American writer Frank Herbert, the second in his Dune series of six novels.
FACT: Dune is a 1965 epic science fiction novel by American author Frank Herbert, originally published as two separate serials in Analog magazine.
FACT: Dune is a 1984 American epic space opera film written and directed by David Lynch, and based on the 1965 novel of the same name by Frank Herbert.
FACT: Dune is a 2021 American epic space opera film co-produced and directed by Denis Villeneuve, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jon Spaihts and Eric Roth.
FACT: Dune: Part Two is a 2024 American epic space opera film co-produced and directed by Denis Villeneuve, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jon Spaihts.
FACT: Dunkirk is a 2017 historical war film produced, written, and directed by Christopher Nolan that depicts the Dunkirk evacuation of World War II from the perspectives of people on the land, sea, and air.
FACT: Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower was the 34th president of the United States, serving from 1953 to 1961.
FACT: E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial is a 1982 American science fantasy film produced and directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Melissa Mathison.
FACT: ER is an American medical drama television series created by Michael Crichton that aired on NBC from September 19, 1994, to April 2, 2009, with a total of 331 episodes spanning 15 seasons.
FACT: Edgar Allan Poe was an American writer, poet, editor, and literary critic who is best known for his poetry and short stories, particularly his tales involving mystery and the macabre.
FACT: Edson Arantes do Nascimento, better known by his nickname Pelé, was a Brazilian professional footballer who played as a forward.
FACT: Edward I, also known as Edward Longshanks and the Hammer of the Scots, was King of England from 1272 to 1307.
FACT: Edward II, also known as Edward of Caernarfon or Caernarvon, was King of England from 1307 until he was deposed in January 1327.
FACT: Edward III, also known as Edward of Windsor before accession, was King of England from January 1327 until his death in 1377.
FACT: Edward IV was King of England from 4 March 1461 to 3 October 1470, then again from 11 April 1471 until his death in 1483.
FACT: Edward Teller was a Hungarian-American theoretical physicist and chemical engineer who is known colloquially as "the father of the hydrogen bomb" and one of the creators of the Teller–Ulam design inspired by Stanisław Ulam.
FACT: Edward VI was King of England and Ireland from 28 January 1547 until his death in 1553.
FACT: Edward VII was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions, and Emperor of India, from 22 January 1901 until his death in 1910.
FACT: Edward VIII, later known as the Duke of Windsor, was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions, and Emperor of India, from 20 January 1936 until his abdication in December of the same year.
FACT: Ehud Barak is an Israeli former general and politician who served as the prime minister and Minister of Defense from 1999 to 2001.
FACT: Eldred Gregory Peck was an American actor and one of the most popular film stars from the 1940s to the 1970s.
FACT: Eli Herschel Wallach was an American film, television, and stage actor from New York City.
FACT: Elijah Muhammad was an American religious leader who led the Nation of Islam from 1933 until his death in 1975.
FACT: Elisabeth, nicknamed Sisi, was Empress of Austria and Queen of Hungary from her marriage to Franz Joseph I on 24 April 1854 until her assassination in 1898.
FACT: Elizabeth I was Queen of England and Ireland from 17 November 1558 until her death in 1603.
FACT: Elizabeth II was Queen of the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth realms from 6 February 1952 until her death in 2022.
FACT: Ella Jane Fitzgerald was an American singer, songwriter and composer, sometimes referred to as the "First Lady of Song", "Queen of Jazz", and "Lady Ella".
FACT: Emily Jane Brontë was an English writer best known for her 1847 novel Wuthering Heights.
FACT: Emily in Paris is an American romantic comedy drama television series created by Darren Star for Netflix.
FACT: Emirates is one of the two flag carriers of the United Arab Emirates.
FACT: Emmanuel Jean-Michel Frédéric Macron is a French politician who has served as President of France and Co-Prince of Andorra since 2017.
FACT: Emperor Meiji was Emperor of Japan from 30 January 1867 until his death in 1912.
FACT: Emperor Shōwa, known colloquially by his personal name Hirohito, was the 124th emperor of Japan according to the traditional order of succession, reigning from 1926 until his death in 1989.
FACT: Eric Arthur Blair was an English novelist, poet, essayist, journalist, and critic who wrote under the pen name of George Orwell.
FACT: Erik Weisz, known professionally as Harry Houdini, was a Hungarian-American escapologist, illusionist, and stunt performer noted for his escape acts.
FACT: Erin Brockovich is a 2000 American biographical legal drama film directed by Steven Soderbergh and written by Susannah Grant.
FACT: Ernest Borgnine was an American actor whose career spanned over six decades.
FACT: Ernest Miller Hemingway was an American novelist, short-story writer and journalist.
FACT: Ernesto "Che" Guevara de la Serna was an Argentine Marxist revolutionary, physician, author, guerrilla leader, diplomat, politician, and military theorist.
FACT: Ernst Ingmar Bergman was a Swedish film and theatre director and screenwriter.
FACT: Ernst Julius Günther Röhm was a German military officer, politician, and a leading member of the Nazi Party.
FACT: Estadio Azteca, officially known as Estadio Banorte for sponsorship reasons, is a football stadium located in Coyoacán, Mexico City.
FACT: Estrid Ericson grundar Svenskt Tenn.
FACT: Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind is a 2004 American science fiction romantic drama film directed by Michel Gondry and written by Charlie Kaufman from a story by Gondry, Kaufman, and Pierre Bismuth.
FACT: Eternals is a 2021 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics race the Eternals.
FACT: Etihad Airways is one of the two flag carriers of the United Arab Emirates.
FACT: Eugene Allen Hackman was an American actor.
FACT: Everton Football Club is a professional association football club based in Liverpool, England.
FACT: Everything Everywhere All at Once is a 2022 American independent absurdist comedy-drama film written and directed by Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert, who produced it with Anthony and Joe Russo and Jonathan Wang.
FACT: Ex Machina is a 2014 science fiction film, written and directed by Alex Garland in his directorial debut.
FACT: Exxon Mobil Corporation is an American multinational oil and gas corporation headquartered in Spring, Texas, a suburb of Houston.
FACT: Facebook is an American social networking service owned by the American technology conglomerate Meta Platforms.
FACT: Fahd bin Abdulaziz Al Saud was King and Prime Minister of Saudi Arabia from 13 June 1982 until his death in 2005.
FACT: Faisal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud was King of Saudi Arabia from 1964 until his assassination in 1975.
FACT: Fallout is a 1997 role-playing video game developed and published by Interplay Productions, set in a mid-22nd century post-apocalyptic and retro-futuristic world, decades after a global nuclear war led by the United States and China.
FACT: Fallout is an American post-apocalyptic drama television series created by Graham Wagner and Geneva Robertson-Dworet for Amazon Prime Video.
FACT: Fargo is a 1996 black comedy crime film written, directed, produced and edited by Joel and Ethan Coen.
FACT: Fargo is an American black comedy crime drama television series created by Noah Hawley for FX.
FACT: Fast X is a 2023 American action film directed by Louis Leterrier from a screenplay by Dan Mazeau and Justin Lin, both of whom also co-wrote the story with Zach Dean.
FACT: Fatal Frame II: Crimson Butterfly is a survival horror video game developed by Tecmo for PlayStation 2.
FACT: Fate/stay night is a Japanese visual novel game developed by Type-Moon.
FACT: Fattah-1 is an Iranian medium-range ballistic missile developed by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and unveiled in June 2023.
FACT: Felipe VI is King of Spain, having reigned since 19 June 2014.
FACT: Felix Baumgartner was an Austrian skydiver, extreme sportsman, and BASE jumper.
FACT: Fenerbahçe Spor Kulübü, commonly known simply as Fenerbahçe, or colloquially as Fener is the football branch of Fenerbahçe Sports Club association, based in the Kadıköy district of Istanbul, Turkey.
FACT: Ferdinand Magellan was a Portuguese explorer best known for planning and leading the 1519–1522 Spanish expedition to the East Indies.
FACT: Ferrari S.p.A. is an Italian luxury sports car manufacturer based in Maranello, Italy.
FACT: Feyenoord Rotterdam is a Dutch professional football club based in Rotterdam, which plays in the Eredivisie, the top tier in Dutch football.
FACT: Fidel Alejandro Castro Ruz was a Cuban politician and revolutionary who was the leader of Cuba from 1959 to 2008, serving as prime minister from 1959 to 1976 and president from 1976 to 2008.
FACT: Field Marshal Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington was a British Army officer and statesman who was one of the leading military and political figures in Britain during the early 19th century, twice serving as Prime Minister.
FACT: Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery, 1st Viscount Montgomery of Alamein,, nicknamed "Monty", was a senior British Army officer who served in the First World War, the Irish War of Independence and the Second World War.
FACT: Fight Club is a 1999 American film directed by David Fincher and starring Brad Pitt, Edward Norton, and Helena Bonham Carter.
FACT: Final Fantasy VII Remake is a 2020 action role-playing game developed and published by Square Enix for the PlayStation 4.
FACT: Final Fantasy VII is a 1997 role-playing video game developed and published by Square for the PlayStation.
FACT: Firefly is a 2002 American space Western drama television series, created by writer and director Joss Whedon, under his Mutant Enemy Productions label.
FACT: Flipkart Inc. is an Indian e-commerce company, headquartered in Bengaluru, and incorporated in Singapore as a private limited company.
FACT: Flowers for Algernon is a short novelette by American author Daniel Keyes, which he later expanded into a novel and adapted for film and other media.
FACT: Football Club Internazionale Milano, widely referred to as Internazionale or simply Inter, and commonly known as Inter Milan in English-speaking countries, is an Italian professional football club based in Milan, Lombardy.
FACT: Forbes is an American business magazine founded by B.
FACT: Ford v Ferrari is a 2019 American biographical sports drama film directed by James Mangold and written by Jez Butterworth, John-Henry Butterworth, and Jason Keller.
FACT: France 24 is a French state-owned publicly funded international news television network based in Paris.
FACT: France Musique is a French national public radio channel owned and operated by Radio France.
FACT: Francis Albert Sinatra was an American singer and actor.
FACT: Francis Bacon, 1st Viscount St Alban was an English philosopher and statesman who served as Attorney General and Lord Chancellor of England under King James I.
FACT: Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald, widely known as F.
FACT: Francisco Franco Bahamonde was a Spanish general and dictator who led the Nationalist forces in overthrowing the Second Spanish Republic during the Spanish Civil War and thereafter ruled over Spain from 1939 until his death in 1975.
FACT: Francisco José de Goya y Lucientes was a Spanish romantic painter and printmaker.
FACT: Frank Lloyd Wright Sr. was an American architect, designer, writer, and educator.
FACT: Frank Vincent Zappa was an American composer, songwriter, guitarist, conductor, actor, satirist, filmmaker, and activist.
FACT: Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus is an 1818 Gothic novel written by English author Mary Shelley.
FACT: Franklin Delano Roosevelt, also known as FDR, was the 32nd president of the United States, serving from 1933 until his death in 1945.
FACT: Franklin Pierce was the 14th president of the United States, serving from 1853 to 1857.
FACT: Franz Joseph I or Francis Joseph I was Emperor of Austria, King of Hungary, and the ruler of the other states of the Habsburg monarchy from 2 December 1848 until his death in 1916.
FACT: Franz Kafka was a German-language Jewish Czech writer and novelist born in Prague, in the Austro-Hungarian Empire.
FACT: Franz Liszt was a Hungarian composer, virtuoso pianist, conductor and teacher of the Romantic period.
FACT: François-Marie Arouet, known by his pen name Voltaire, was a French Enlightenment writer, philosopher (philosophe), satirist, and historian.
FACT: Fred Astaire was an American dancer, actor, singer, musician, choreographer, and presenter, whose career in stage, film, and television spanned 76 years.
FACT: Freda Josephine Baker, also spelled Joséphine Baker, was an American and French dancer, singer, and actress.
FACT: Freddie Mercury was a British singer and songwriter who achieved global fame as the lead vocalist and pianist of the rock band Queen.
FACT: Frederick II was the monarch of Prussia from 1740 until his death in 1786.
FACT: Friday the 13th is a 1980 American slasher film produced and directed by Sean S.
FACT: Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche was a German philosopher and writer who started his career as a classical philologist and turned to philosophy early in his academic career.
FACT: Frieren: Beyond Journey's End is a Japanese manga series written by Kanehito Yamada and illustrated by Tsukasa Abe.
FACT: Frédéric François Chopin was a Polish composer and virtuoso pianist of the Romantic period who wrote primarily for solo piano.
FACT: Fulham Football Club is a professional football club based in Fulham, West London, England.
FACT: Full Metal Jacket is a 1987 war film directed and produced by Stanley Kubrick from a screenplay he co-wrote with Michael Herr and Gustav Hasford.
FACT: Fullmetal Alchemist is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hiromu Arakawa.
FACT: Futebol Clube do Porto, MHIH, OM, commonly known as FC Porto or simply Porto, is a Portuguese professional sports club based in Porto.
FACT: Futurism was an artistic and social movement that originated in Italy, and to a lesser extent in other countries, in the early 20th century.
FACT: Fußball-Club Bayern München e.
FACT: Fußballclub Gelsenkirchen-Schalke 04 e.
FACT: Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoevsky was a Russian philosopher, novelist, short story writer, essayist and journalist.
FACT: Gabriel José García Márquez was a Colombian writer and journalist, known affectionately as Gabo or Gabito throughout Latin America.
FACT: Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus Germanicus, also called Gaius and Caligula, was the third Roman emperor, ruling from AD 37 until his assassination in AD 41.
FACT: Gaius Julius Caesar was a Roman general, statesman, and author who was the dictator of the Roman Republic almost continuously from 49 BC until his assassination in 44 BC.
FACT: Galatasaray Spor Kulübü, usually referred to as Galatasaray, is a Turkish professional football club representing Beyoğlu district, with its headquarters located in Sarıyer on the European side of Istanbul.
FACT: Gamal Abdel Nasser Hussein was an Egyptian military officer and revolutionary who served as the second president of Egypt from 1954 until his death in 1970.
FACT: Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created by David Benioff and D.
FACT: Gangs of New York is a 2002 epic historical drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Jay Cocks, Steven Zaillian, and Kenneth Lonergan, based on Herbert Asbury's 1928 book The Gangs of New York.
FACT: Gary Cooper was an American actor known for his strong, silent screen persona and understated acting style.
FACT: Gattaca is a 1997 American dystopian science fiction film written and directed by Andrew Niccol in his feature directorial debut.
FACT: Gavrilo Princip was a Bosnian Serb student who assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir presumptive to the throne of Austria-Hungary, and his wife Sophie, Duchess of Hohenberg, in Sarajevo on 28 June 1914.
FACT: Gemini is a generative artificial intelligence chatbot and virtual assistant developed by Google.
FACT: Gene Wilder was an American actor, comedian, writer and filmmaker.
FACT: Genghis Khan, also known as Chinggis Khan, was the founder and first khan of the Mongol Empire.
FACT: Genshin Impact is a 2020 action role-playing video game developed and published by miHoYo.
FACT: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel was a German philosopher and a major figure in the tradition of German idealism.
FACT: George Bernard Shaw, known at his insistence as Bernard Shaw, was an Irish playwright, critic, polemicist and political activist.
FACT: George Best was a Northern Irish professional footballer who played as a winger, spending most of his club career at Manchester United.
FACT: George Denis Patrick Carlin was an American stand-up comedian, social critic, actor and author.
FACT: George Edward Foreman was an American professional boxer, businessman, minister, and author.
FACT: George Gordon Byron, 6th Baron Byron, was a British poet.
FACT: George Harrison was an English musician who achieved international fame as the lead guitarist of the Beatles.
FACT: George Herbert Walker Bush was the 41st president of the United States, serving from 1989 to 1993.
FACT: George I was King of Great Britain and Ireland from 1 August 1714 and ruler of the Electorate of Hanover within the Holy Roman Empire from 23 January 1698 until his death in 1727.
FACT: George II was King of Great Britain and Ireland, Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (Hanover) and a prince-elector of the Holy Roman Empire from 11 June 1727 (O.S.) until his death in 1760.
FACT: George III was King of Great Britain and Ireland from 25 October 1760 until his death in 1820.
FACT: George Michael was an English singer-songwriter and record producer.
FACT: George Orson Welles was an American actor and filmmaker.
FACT: George Perry Floyd Jr. was an African American man who was murdered by a white police officer in Minneapolis, Minnesota, during an arrest made after a store clerk suspected Floyd had used a counterfeit twenty-dollar bill, on May 25, 2020.
FACT: George V was King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions, and Emperor of India, from 6 May 1910 until his death in 1936.
FACT: George VI was King of the United Kingdom and the Dominions of the British Commonwealth from 11 December 1936 until his death in 1952.
FACT: George Walker Bush is an American politician, businessman, and former United States Air Force officer who was the 43rd president of the United States, serving from 2001 to 2009.
FACT: George Washington was a Founding Father and the first president of the United States, serving from 1789 to 1797.
FACT: Georgia Totto O'Keeffe was an American modernist painter and draftswoman whose career spanned seven decades and whose work remained largely independent of major art movements.
FACT: Georgy Konstantinovich Zhukov was a Soviet military leader who served as a top commander during World War II and achieved the rank of Marshal of the Soviet Union.
FACT: Gerald Rudolph Ford Jr. was the 38th president of the United States, serving from 1974 to 1977.
FACT: Get Out is a 2017 American psychological horror film written, co-produced, and directed by Jordan Peele in his directorial debut.
FACT: Ghost of Tsushima is a 2020 action-adventure game developed by Sucker Punch Productions and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
FACT: Ghostbusters is a 1984 American supernatural comedy film directed by Ivan Reitman and written by Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis.
FACT: Gilbert Keith Chesterton was an English Christian apologist writer.
FACT: Gilmore Girls is an American comedy-drama television series created by Amy Sherman-Palladino.
FACT: Gina Dirawi leder Melodifestivalen.
FACT: Giorgia Meloni is an Italian politician who has served as Prime Minister of Italy since October 2022.
FACT: Girl with a Pearl Earring is an oil painting by Dutch Golden Age painter Johannes Vermeer, dated c.
FACT: Gladiator II is a 2024 epic historical film directed and produced by Ridley Scott.
FACT: Gladiator is a 2000 epic action adventure drama film directed by Ridley Scott and written by David Franzoni, John Logan, and William Nicholson from a story by Franzoni.
FACT: Glock is a brand of polymer-framed, short-recoil-operated, locked-breech semi-automatic pistols designed and produced by Austrian manufacturer Glock GmbH.
FACT: Go is a high-level, general-purpose programming language that is statically typed and compiled.
FACT: God Emperor of Dune is a science fiction novel by American writer Frank Herbert, published in 1981.
FACT: God of War Ragnarök is a 2022 action-adventure game developed by Santa Monica Studio and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
FACT: Godzilla is a 2014 American monster film directed by Gareth Edwards.
FACT: Golda Meir was the prime minister of Israel from 1969 to 1974.
FACT: Gone Girl is a 2014 American psychological thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by Gillian Flynn, based on her 2012 novel of the same name.
FACT: Gone with the Wind is a 1939 American epic historical romance film adapted from the 1936 novel by Margaret Mitchell.
FACT: Good Will Hunting is a 1997 American drama film directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Ben Affleck and Matt Damon.
FACT: Goodfellas is a 1990 American biographical crime drama film directed by Martin Scorsese, written by Nicholas Pileggi and Scorsese, and produced by Irwin Winkler.
FACT: Google Chrome is a cross-platform web browser developed by Google.
FACT: Google Classroom is a free blended learning platform developed by Google for educational institutions that aims to simplify creating, distributing, and grading assignments.
FACT: Google Docs is an online word processor and part of the free, web-based Google Docs Editors suite offered by Google.
FACT: Google Play, also known as the Google Play Store or Play Store, and formerly known as the Android Market, is a digital distribution service operated and developed by Google.
FACT: Google Scholar is a freely accessible web search engine that indexes the full text or metadata of scholarly literature across an array of publishing formats and disciplines.
FACT: Google Translate is a multilingual neural machine translation service developed by Google to translate text, documents and websites from one language into another.
FACT: Gorillaz is the debut album by the English virtual band Gorillaz, released on 26 March 2001 in the United Kingdom by Parlophone and on 19 June 2001 in the United States by Virgin Records.
FACT: Grand Theft Auto IV is a 2008 action-adventure game developed by Rockstar North and published by Rockstar Games.
FACT: Grease is a 1978 American musical romantic comedy film directed by Randal Kleiser from a screenplay by Bronté Woodard and an adaptation by co-producer Allan Carr, based on the 1971 stage musical of the same name by Jim Jacobs and Warren Casey.
FACT: Green Book is a 2018 American biographical comedy-drama film directed by Peter Farrelly.
FACT: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 is a 2023 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team Guardians of the Galaxy, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
FACT: Guardians of the Galaxy is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name.
FACT: Guernica is a large 1937 oil painting by Spanish artist Pablo Picasso.
FACT: Guinness is a stout that originated in the brewery of Arthur Guinness at St.
FACT: Gustav III instiftar Svenska Akademien.
FACT: Göbekli Tepe is a Neolithic archaeological site in Upper Mesopotamia (al-Jazira) in modern-day Turkey.
FACT: HBO Max is an American subscription video on-demand over-the-top streaming service, a proprietary unit of Warner Bros.
FACT: Hacksaw Ridge is a 2016 epic biographical war film directed by Mel Gibson, and starring Andrew Garfield as Desmond Doss, an American combat medic in World War II who, as a Seventh-day Adventist, refused to use a weapon of any kind; Doss became the first conscientious objector to be awarded the Medal of Honor, for his service during the Battle of Okinawa.
FACT: Hades is a 2020 roguelike action role-playing game developed and published by Supergiant Games.
FACT: Hagia Sophia, officially the Hagia Sophia Grand Mosque, is a mosque and a major cultural and historical site in Istanbul, Turkey.
FACT: Haile Selassie I was Emperor of Ethiopia from 1930 to 1974.
FACT: Hamburger Sport-Verein e.V., commonly known as Hamburger SV or Hamburg, or HSV, is a German sports club based in Hamburg, with its largest branch being its football department.
FACT: Hamilton: An American Musical is a sung-and-rapped-through biographical musical with music, lyrics, and a book by Lin-Manuel Miranda.
FACT: Hannah Montana is an American teen sitcom created by Michael Poryes, Rich Correll, and Barry O'Brien that aired on Disney Channel for four seasons between March 2006 and January 2011.
FACT: Hans Christian Andersen was a Danish author.
FACT: Harley Quinn is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics.
FACT: Harry Lillis "Bing" Crosby Jr. was an American singer and actor.
FACT: Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is a play written by Jack Thorne from an original story by Thorne, J.
FACT: Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a 2001 fantasy film directed by Chris Columbus and written by Steve Kloves, based on the 1997 novel by J.
FACT: Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a fantasy novel by British author J.
FACT: Harry Potter is an upcoming fantasy television series developed for HBO, based on the series of eponymous fantasy books by British author J.
FACT: Harry S.
FACT: Harry's House is the third studio album by the English singer and songwriter Harry Styles, released on 20 May 2022 by Erskine and Columbia Records.
FACT: Hasan ibn Ali was an Alid political and religious leader.
FACT: Heat is a 1995 American crime drama film written and directed by Michael Mann.
FACT: Heated Rivalry is a Canadian sports romance television series created, written, and directed by Jacob Tierney for Crave.
FACT: Heath Andrew Ledger was an Australian actor.
FACT: Hedy Lamarr was an Austrian and American actress and inventor.
FACT: Helen Beatrix Heelis, usually known as Beatrix Potter, was an English writer, illustrator, natural scientist, and conservationist.
FACT: Hendrik Johannes Cruijff, or Johan Cruyff, was a Dutch professional football player and manager.
FACT: Henri Philippe Bénoni Omer Joseph Pétain, better known as Marshal Pétain, was a French military officer who commanded the French Army in World War I and later became the head of the collaborationist regime of Vichy France, from 1940 to 1944, during World War II.
FACT: Henry Alfred Kissinger was an American diplomat, political scientist, and politician.
FACT: Henry Charles Bukowski was a German-American poet, novelist, and short story writer.
FACT: Henry David Thoreau was an American naturalist, essayist, poet, and philosopher.
FACT: Henry Ford was an American industrialist and business magnate.
FACT: Henry II was King of England from 1154 until his death in 1189.
FACT: Henry III, also known as Henry of Winchester, was King of England, Lord of Ireland and Duke of Aquitaine from 1216 until his death in 1272.
FACT: Henry IV, also known as Henry Bolingbroke, was King of England from 1399 to 1413, Lord of Ireland and duke of Aquitaine.
FACT: Henry IV, also known by the epithets Good King Henry or Henry the Great, was King of Navarre from 1572 and King of France from 1589 to 1610.
FACT: Henry Jaynes Fonda was an American actor whose career spanned five decades on Broadway and in Hollywood.
FACT: Henry V, also called Henry of Monmouth, was King of England from 1413 until his death in 1422.
FACT: Henry VI was King of England from 1422 to 1461 and again from 1470 to 1471, and claimant to the French throne from 1422 to 1453 under the terms of the Treaty of Troyes.
FACT: Henry VII, also known as Henry Tudor, was King of England and Lord of Ireland from his seizure of the crown on 22 August 1485 until his death in 1509.
FACT: Henry VIII was King of England from 22 April 1509 until his death in 1547.
FACT: Herbert Clark Hoover was the 31st president of the United States, serving from 1929 to 1933.
FACT: Herbert George Wells was an English writer, prolific in many genres.
FACT: Hernán Cortés, 1st Marquis of the Valley of Oaxaca was a Spanish conquistador, military commander, explorer, captain general, and writer who led an expedition that caused the fall of the Aztec Empire and brought large portions of what is now mainland Mexico under the rule of the King of Castile in the early 16th century.
FACT: Hidden Figures is a 2016 American biographical drama film co-produced and directed by Theodore Melfi, who co-wrote the screenplay with Allison Schroeder.
FACT: Hideki Tojo was a Japanese military officer and politician who served as Prime Minister of Japan from 1941 to 1944 during World War II.
FACT: Highlander is a 1986 fantasy action-adventure film and the first installment in the Highlander franchise.
FACT: Hildegard of Bingen OSB, also known as the Sibyl of the Rhine, was a German Benedictine abbess and polymath active as a writer, composer, philosopher, mystic, visionary, and as a medical writer and practitioner of the Catholic Church during the High Middle Ages.
FACT: Hollow Knight is a 2017 Metroidvania video game developed and published by Australian independent developer Team Cherry.
FACT: Home Box Office (HBO) is an American premium television network and service, which is the flagship property of namesake parent Home Box Office, Inc., a subsidiary of Warner Bros.
FACT: Homeland is an American espionage thriller television series developed by Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa.
FACT: House of Cards is an American political thriller television series created by Beau Willimon for the streaming service Netflix.
FACT: House of the Dragon is an American fantasy drama television series created by George R.
FACT: How I Met Your Mother is an American sitcom created by Craig Thomas and Carter Bays for CBS.
FACT: Howard Robard Hughes Jr. was an American aviator, aerospace engineer, business magnate, film producer, and investor.
FACT: Hugo Rafael Chávez Frías was a Venezuelan politician, revolutionary, and military officer who was the president of Venezuela from 1999 until his death in 2013.
FACT: Hulu is an over-the-top content brand and American subscription streaming media service owned by Disney Streaming, a subsidiary of the Disney Entertainment segment of the Walt Disney Company.
FACT: Humphrey DeForest Bogart, nicknamed Bogie, was an American actor.
FACT: Hunter × Hunter is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Yoshihiro Togashi.
FACT: Hussein bin Talal al-Hashimi was King of Jordan from 1952 until his death in 1999.
FACT: Hyundai Motor Company, often referred to as Hyundai Motors (Korean: 현대자동차) and commonly known as Hyundai, is a South Korean multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Seoul, South Korea, which was founded in 1967.
FACT: I Am Legend is a 1954 post-apocalyptic horror novel by American writer Richard Matheson that was influential in the modern development of zombie and vampire literature, and in popularizing the concept of a worldwide apocalypse due to disease.
FACT: I Am Legend is a 2007 American post-apocalyptic action horror film directed by Francis Lawrence from a screenplay by Akiva Goldsman and Mark Protosevich and starring Will Smith as U.S.
FACT: I Know What You Did Last Summer is a 1997 American slasher film starring Jennifer Love Hewitt, Sarah Michelle Gellar, Ryan Phillippe, and Freddie Prinze Jr. as four teenage friends who are stalked by a hook-wielding killer one year after covering up a car accident in which they supposedly killed a man.
FACT: I, Robot is a 2004 American science fiction action film directed by Alex Proyas, from a screenplay by Jeff Vintar and Akiva Goldsman.
FACT: IMDb, formerly known as the Internet Movie Database, is an online database of information related to films, television series, podcasts, video games, and streaming content online – including cast, production crew and biographies, plot summaries, trivia, ratings, and fan and critical reviews.
FACT: Ibn Sina, commonly known in the West as Avicenna, was a preeminent philosopher and physician of the Muslim world.
FACT: Idi Amin Dada Oumee was a Ugandan military officer and politician who served as the third president of Uganda from 1971 until his overthrow in 1979.
FACT: Ilia II was the Catholicos-Patriarch of All Georgia from 1977 until his death in 2026.
FACT: Immanuel Kant was a German philosopher.
FACT: Inception is a 2010 science fiction action film written and directed by Christopher Nolan, who also produced it with Emma Thomas, his wife.
FACT: IndiGo is an Indian low-cost hybrid airline headquartered in Gurgaon, Haryana.
FACT: Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny is a 2023 American action-adventure film directed by James Mangold and written by Mangold, David Koepp, Jez Butterworth and John-Henry Butterworth.
FACT: Indira Priyadarshini Gandhi was an Indian stateswoman who served as the prime minister of India from 1966 to 1977 and again from 1980 until her assassination in 1984.
FACT: Inferno is the first part of the Italian writer Dante Alighieri's 14th-century narrative poem The Divine Comedy, followed by Purgatorio and Paradiso.
FACT: Inglourious Basterds is a 2009 black comedy war film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
FACT: Instagram is an American photo and short-form video sharing social networking service owned by Meta Platforms.
FACT: Interstellar is a 2014 epic science fiction film directed by Christopher Nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan Nolan.
FACT: Iran and Israel have been engaged in a proxy conflict since 1985.
FACT: Iron Man 2 is a 2010 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Iron Man.
FACT: Iron Man is a 2008 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name.
FACT: Irwin Allen Ginsberg was an American poet and writer.
FACT: Isaac Asimov was an American writer and professor of biochemistry at Boston University.
FACT: Isoroku Yamamoto was an admiral of the Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) and the commander of the Combined Fleet during World War II.
FACT: Israel Kaʻanoʻi Kamakawiwoʻole, also called Braddah IZ or simply IZ, was a Native Hawaiian musician and singer.
FACT: It Takes Two is a 2021 cooperative action game developed by Hazelight Studios and published by Electronic Arts.
FACT: It is a 2017 American supernatural horror film directed by Andy Muschietti and written by Chase Palmer, Cary Fukunaga, and Gary Dauberman.
FACT: It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, also commonly referred to as Always Sunny or IASIP, is an American sitcom created by Rob Mac and co-developed by Glenn Howerton for FX, currently airing on FXX.
FACT: J.
FACT: Jair Messias Bolsonaro is a Brazilian politician and former military officer who served as the 38th president of Brazil from 2019 to 2023.
FACT: Jalāl al-Dīn Muḥammad Rūmī, commonly known as Rumi, was a Sufi mystic, poet, and founder of the Islamic brotherhood known as the Mevlevi Order.
FACT: James Abram Garfield was the 20th president of the United States, serving from March 1881 until his death in September that year after being shot in July.
FACT: James Augustine Aloysius Joyce was an Irish novelist, poet, and literary critic.
FACT: James Buchanan Jr. was the 15th president of the United States, serving from 1857 to 1861.
FACT: James Byron Dean was an American actor.
FACT: James Douglas Morrison was an American singer-songwriter and poet who was the lead vocalist and primary lyricist of the rock band the Doors.
FACT: James Earl Carter Jr. was an American politician and humanitarian who served as the 39th president of the United States from 1977 to 1981.
FACT: James Harold Wilson, Baron Wilson of Rievaulx, was a British politician who twice served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, from 1964 to 1970 and from 1974 to 1976.
FACT: James II and VII was King of England and Ireland as James II and King of Scotland as James VII from February 1685 until he was deposed in the 1688 Glorious Revolution.
FACT: James John Gandolfini was an American actor.
FACT: James Joseph Brown was an American singer, songwriter, dancer, musician, and record producer.
FACT: James Knox Polk was the 11th president of the United States, serving from 1845 to 1849.
FACT: James Madison was an American statesman, diplomat, and Founding Father who served as the fourth president of the United States from 1809 to 1817.
FACT: James Maitland Stewart was an American actor and military aviator.
FACT: James Marshall "Jimi" Hendrix was an American guitarist, singer, and songwriter.
FACT: James Monroe was an American Founding Father who served as the fifth president of the United States from 1817 to 1825.
FACT: James VI and I was King of Scotland as James VI from 24 July 1567, and King of England and Ireland as James I from the union of the Scottish and English crowns on 24 March 1603, until his death in 1625.
FACT: Jane Austen was an English writer known primarily for her six novels, which implicitly interpret, critique, and comment on the English landed gentry at the end of the 18th century.
FACT: Jane Eyre is a novel by the English writer Charlotte Brontë.
FACT: Janis Lyn Joplin was an American singer and songwriter.
FACT: Java is a high-level, general-purpose, memory-safe, object-oriented programming language.
FACT: Jawaharlal Nehru was an Indian anti-colonial nationalist, secular humanist, social democrat, and statesman who was a central figure in India during the middle of the 20th century.
FACT: Jaws is a 1975 American thriller film directed by Steven Spielberg.
FACT: Jean-Jacques Rousseau was a Genevan philosopher, philosophe, writer, and composer.
FACT: Jean-Michel Basquiat was an American artist who rose to success during the 1980s as part of the neo-expressionism movement.
FACT: Jean-Paul Charles Aymard Sartre was a French philosopher, playwright, novelist, screenwriter, political activist, biographer, and literary critic, considered a leading figure in 20th-century French philosophy and Marxism.
FACT: Jefferson F.
FACT: Jerry Alan West was an American basketball player and executive.
FACT: Jesse Louis Jackson Sr. was an American civil rights activist, LGBTQ rights activist, politician, and ordained Baptist minister.
FACT: Jesus Christ Superstar is a sung-through rock opera with music by Andrew Lloyd Webber and lyrics by Tim Rice.
FACT: Jesus, also referred to as Jesus Christ, Jesus of Nazareth, and by various other names and titles, was a 1st-century Jewish preacher and religious leader in the Roman province of Judaea.
FACT: Joachim-Friedrich Martin Josef Merz is a German politician who has served as Chancellor of Germany since 6 May 2025.
FACT: Joan Crawford was an American actress.
FACT: Joan of Arc is a patron saint of France, honored as a defender of the French nation for her role in the siege of Orléans and her insistence on the coronation of Charles VII of France during the Hundred Years' War.
FACT: Johan Petter Johansson patenterar den moderna skiftnyckeln.
FACT: Johann Sebastian Bach was a German composer and musician of the late Baroque period.
FACT: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe was a German polymath who is widely regarded as the most influential writer in the German language.
FACT: Johannes Erwin Eugen Rommel, known as The Desert Fox, was a German Generalfeldmarschall during World War II.
FACT: John Adam Belushi was an American actor, comedian, and musician.
FACT: John Adams was a Founding Father and the second president of the United States from 1797 to 1801.
FACT: John Edgar Hoover was an American law enforcement administrator who served as the fifth and final director of the Bureau of Investigation (BOI) and the first director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
FACT: John Ernst Steinbeck was an American writer and novelist.
FACT: John Fitzgerald Kennedy, also known as JFK, was the 35th president of the United States, serving from 1961 until his assassination in 1963.
FACT: John Herschel Glenn Jr. was an American Marine Corps aviator, astronaut, businessman, and politician.
FACT: John Locke was an English philosopher and physician, widely regarded as one of the most influential of the Enlightenment thinkers and commonly known as the "father of liberalism".
FACT: John Maynard Keynes, 1st Baron Keynes, was an English economist whose ideas fundamentally changed the theory and practice of macroeconomics and the economic policies of governments.
FACT: John Michael "Ozzy" Osbourne was an English singer, songwriter, and media personality.
FACT: John Michael Crichton was an American author, screenwriter and filmmaker.
FACT: John Quincy Adams was the sixth president of the United States, serving from 1825 to 1829.
FACT: John R.
FACT: John Ronald Reuel Tolkien was an English writer and philologist.
FACT: John Simon Ritchie, better known by his stage name Sid Vicious, was an English musician, best known as the second bassist for the punk rock band Sex Pistols.
FACT: John Tyler was the tenth president of the United States, serving from 1841 to 1845, after briefly holding office as the tenth vice president in 1841.
FACT: John Uhler Lemmon III was an American actor.
FACT: John Wick is a 2014 American action thriller film directed by Chad Stahelski and written by Derek Kolstad.
FACT: John Wick: Chapter 4 is a 2023 American epic neo-noir action thriller film, directed and co-produced by Chad Stahelski and written by Shay Hatten and Michael Finch.
FACT: John Winston Ono Lennon was an English musician and activist.
FACT: John was King of England from 1199 until his death in 1216.
FACT: Jojo Rabbit is a 2019 satirical black comedy-drama film written and directed by Taika Waititi, adapted from Christine Leunens' 2008 book Caging Skies.
FACT: Joker is a 2019 American psychological thriller film directed by Todd Phillips from a screenplay he co-wrote with Scott Silver.
FACT: Joseph Frank "Buster" Keaton was an American actor, comedian and filmmaker.
FACT: Joseph Raymond McCarthy was an American politician who served as a Republican U.S. senator from Wisconsin from 1947 until his death in 1957.
FACT: Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. is an American politician who was the 46th president of the United States from 2021 to 2025.
FACT: Joseph Rudyard Kipling was an English journalist, novelist, poet and short-story writer.
FACT: Joseph Vissarionovich Stalin was a Soviet revolutionary and politician who led the Soviet Union from 1924 until his death in 1953.
FACT: Josip Broz, commonly known as Tito, was a Yugoslav communist revolutionary and politician who led Yugoslavia as prime minister from 1943 to 1963 and as president from 1953 until his death in 1980.
FACT: Journey to the West is a Chinese novel published in the 16th century during the Ming dynasty and attributed to Wu Cheng'en.
FACT: Juan Carlos I is a member of the Spanish royal family who reigned as King of Spain from 22 November 1975 until his abdication on 19 June 2014.
FACT: Juan Domingo Perón was an Argentine military officer and politician who was the 29th and 40th president of Argentina, serving from 1946 to his overthrow in 1955, and from 1973 to 1974.
FACT: Judy Garland was an American actress and singer whose career spanned four decades.
FACT: Jujutsu Kaisen is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Gege Akutami.
FACT: Jules Gabriel Verne was a French novelist, poet, and playwright.
FACT: Jumanji: The Next Level is a 2019 American action-adventure comedy film directed by Jake Kasdan, who co-wrote the script with Jeff Pinkner and Scott Rosenberg.
FACT: Jurassic Park is a 1993 American science fiction adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Michael Crichton and David Koepp, based on Crichton's 1990 novel.
FACT: Jurassic World Dominion is a 2022 American science fiction action film directed by Colin Trevorrow, who co-wrote the screenplay with Emily Carmichael.
FACT: Jurassic World is a 2015 American science fiction action film directed by Colin Trevorrow, who co-wrote the screenplay with Rick Jaffa, Amanda Silver, and Derek Connolly from a story by Jaffa and Silver.
FACT: Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is a 2018 American science fiction action film directed by J.
FACT: Justin Pierre James Trudeau is a Canadian politician who served as the 23rd prime minister of Canada from 2015 to 2025.
FACT: Juventus Football Club, commonly known as Juventus or colloquially as Juve, is an Italian professional football club based in Turin, Piedmont, who compete in Serie A, the top tier of the Italian football league system.
FACT: Jägermeister stylized as "Jägermeiſter", is a German spiced digestif liqueur.
FACT: KFC Corporation, doing business as KFC, is an American multinational fast food restaurant chain specializing in Southern fried chicken and chicken sandwiches.
FACT: Karl Dönitz was a German naval officer and politician who, following the suicide of Adolf Hitler during the Second World War in April 1945, succeeded him as head of state of Germany during the Nazi era.
FACT: Karl Marx was a German philosopher, social and political theorist, economist, journalist, and revolutionary socialist.
FACT: Katharine Houghton Hepburn was an American actress whose career as a leading lady on stage and screen spanned six decades.
FACT: Khalid bin Abdulaziz Al Saud was King and Prime Minister of Saudi Arabia from 25 March 1975 until his death in 1982.
FACT: Kill Bill: Volume 1 is a 2003 American martial arts film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
FACT: Kingdom of Heaven is a 2005 epic historical drama film directed and produced by Ridley Scott and written by William Monahan.
FACT: Kirk Douglas was an American actor and filmmaker.
FACT: Kiruna kyrka invigs.
FACT: Knives Out is a 2019 American mystery film written and directed by Rian Johnson.
FACT: Kobe Bean Bryant was an American professional basketball player.
FACT: Kramer vs.
FACT: Kristallnacht (German pronunciation: [kʁɪsˈtalnaχt] lit. 'crystal night') or the Night of Broken Glass, also called the November pogrom(s) (German: Novemberpogrome, pronounced [noˈvɛm.bɐ.poˌɡʁoːmə] ), was a pogrom against Jews carried out by the Nazi Party's Sturmabteilung (SA) and Schutzstaffel (SS) paramilitary forces along with some participation from the Hitler Youth and German civilians throughout Nazi Germany on 9–10 November 1938.
FACT: Kurt Donald Cobain was an American musician.
FACT: L.A.
FACT: La La Land is a 2016 American musical romantic comedy-drama film written and directed by Damien Chazelle.
FACT: Labubu is a line of collectible plush toys created by Hong Kong illustrator Kasing Lung.
FACT: Lady Bird is a 2017 American coming-of-age comedy drama film written and directed by Greta Gerwig in her solo directorial debut, starring Saoirse Ronan, Laurie Metcalf, Tracy Letts, Lucas Hedges, Timothée Chalamet, Beanie Feldstein, Stephen McKinley Henderson, and Lois Smith.
FACT: Lady Jane Grey, also known as Lady Jane Dudley after her marriage, and nicknamed as the "Nine Days Queen", was an English noblewoman who was proclaimed Queen of England and Ireland on 10 July 1553 and reigned until she was deposed by the Privy Council of England, which proclaimed her cousin, Mary I, as the new Queen on 19 July.
FACT: Lafayette Ronald Hubbard was an American author and the founder of Scientology.
FACT: Lamont Warren Marvin Jr., known as Lee Marvin, was an American film and television actor.
FACT: Laozi, formerly Latinized as Laocius, was a legendary Chinese philosopher considered to be the author of the Tao Te Ching, one of the foundational texts of Taoism.
FACT: Laurence Kerr Olivier, Baron Olivier was an English actor and director.
FACT: Lawrence of Arabia is a 1962 epic biographical drama film directed by David Lean and produced by Sam Spiegel through the latter's British company Horizon Pictures and distributed by Columbia Pictures.
FACT: Lee Kuan Yew, often referred to by his initials LKY, was a Singaporean statesman and barrister who was the first prime minister of Singapore from 1959 to 1990.
FACT: Leeds United Football Club is a professional football club based in Leeds, West Yorkshire, England.
FACT: Leicester City Football Club is a professional football club based in Leicester, East Midlands, England.
FACT: Leif Erikson, also known as Leif the Lucky, was a Norse explorer who is thought to have been the first European to set foot on continental America, approximately half a millennium before Christopher Columbus.
FACT: Leonard Bernstein was an American conductor, composer, pianist, music educator, author, and humanitarian.
FACT: Leonard Norman Cohen was a Canadian songwriter, singer, poet, and novelist.
FACT: Leonard Simon Nimoy was an American actor and director, famous for playing Spock in the Star Trek franchise for almost 50 years.
FACT: Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci was an Italian polymath of the High Renaissance who was active as a painter, draughtsman, engineer, scientist, theorist, sculptor, and architect.
FACT: Leonhard Euler was a Swiss polymath who was active as a mathematician, physicist, astronomer, logician, geographer, music theorist and engineer.
FACT: Leopold II was the second king of the Belgians from 1865 to 1909, and the founder and sole owner of the Congo Free State from 1885 to 1908.
FACT: Les Misérables, colloquially known as Les Mis or Les Miz, is a sung-through musical with music by Claude-Michel Schönberg, lyrics by Alain Boublil and Jean-Marc Natel, and a book by Boublil and Schönberg, based on the 1862 novel of the same name by Victor Hugo.
FACT: Leslie William Nielsen was a Canadian-American actor and comedian.
FACT: Lester Townes "Bob" Hope was a British-born American comedian, actor, entertainer and producer with a career that spanned nearly 80 years and achievements in vaudeville, network radio, television, and USO Tours.
FACT: Let It Be is the twelfth and final studio album by the English rock band the Beatles.
FACT: Lev Davidovich Trotsky, better known as Leon Trotsky, was a Russian revolutionary, Soviet politician and political theorist.
FACT: Lewis Allan Reed was an American musician, songwriter and poet.
FACT: Library Genesis is a shadow library project for file-sharing access to scholarly journal articles, academic and general-interest books, images, comics, audiobooks, and magazines.
FACT: Life of Pi is a 2012 adventure-drama film directed and produced by Ang Lee and written by David Magee.
FACT: Little Miss Sunshine is a 2006 American tragicomedy film directed by Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris from a screenplay written by Michael Arndt.
FACT: Little Women is a 2019 American period drama film written and directed by Greta Gerwig.
FACT: Little Women is a coming-of-age novel written by American novelist Louisa May Alcott, originally published in two volumes, in 1868 and 1869.
FACT: Liverpool Football Club is a professional football club based in Liverpool, England.
FACT: Lolita is a 1955 novel written by Russian and American novelist Vladimir Nabokov.
FACT: Lord of the Flies is the 1954 debut novel of British author William Golding.
FACT: Lost in Translation is a 2003 romantic comedy drama film written and directed by Sofia Coppola.
FACT: Lost is an American science fiction adventure drama television series created by Jeffrey Lieber, J.
FACT: Louis Daniel Armstrong, nicknamed "Satchmo", "Satch", and "Pops", was an American jazz and blues trumpeter and vocalist.
FACT: Louis XIV was King of France from 14 May 1643 until his death in 1715.
FACT: Louis XV, known as Louis the Beloved, was King of France from 1 September 1715 until his death in 1774.
FACT: Louis XVI was the last king of France before the fall of the monarchy during the French Revolution.
FACT: Lucifer is an American urban fantasy television series developed by Tom Kapinos that began airing on January 25, 2016, and concluded on September 10, 2021.
FACT: Ludwig Josef Johann Wittgenstein was an Austro-British philosopher who worked primarily in logic, philosophy of mathematics, philosophy of mind, and philosophy of language.
FACT: Ludwig van Beethoven was a German composer and pianist.
FACT: Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, known mononymously as Lula, is a Brazilian politician, trade unionist and former metalworker who has served as president of Brazil since 2023.
FACT: Lyndon Baines Johnson, also known as LBJ, was the 36th president of the United States, serving from 1963 to 1969.
FACT: Léon is a 1994 French English-language action-thriller film written and directed by Luc Besson.
FACT: M*A*S*H is an American war comedy drama television series that aired on CBS from September 17, 1972, to February 28, 1983.
FACT: MSN is a web portal and related collection of Internet services and apps provided by Microsoft.
FACT: Machu Picchu is a 15th-century Inca citadel located in the Eastern Cordillera of southern Peru on a mountain ridge at 2,430 meters (7,970 ft).
FACT: Mad Max: Fury Road is a 2015 Australian post-apocalyptic action film co-written, co-produced and directed by George Miller, who collaborated with Brendan McCarthy and Nico Lathouris on the screenplay.
FACT: Mad Men is an American period drama television series created by Matthew Weiner for AMC.
FACT: Magdalena Carmen Frida Kahlo y Calderón was a Mexican painter known for her many portraits, self-portraits, and works inspired by the nature and artifacts of Mexico.
FACT: Magnolia is a 1999 American drama film written, directed and co-produced by Paul Thomas Anderson.
FACT: Mahjong is a tile-based game that was developed in the 19th century in China and has spread throughout the world since the early 20th century.
FACT: Malala Yousafzai is a Pakistani female education activist, and producer of film and television.
FACT: Malcolm X was an African American revolutionary and Black nationalist leader who rose from a background of poverty, family disruption, and criminal activity to a prominent figure during the civil rights movement until his assassination in 1965.
FACT: Malcolm in the Middle is an American television sitcom created by Linwood Boomer for the Fox Broadcasting Company.
FACT: Mamma Mia!
FACT: Manchester City Football Club is a professional football club based in Manchester, England, that competes in the Premier League, the top flight of English football.
FACT: Manchester United Football Club, commonly referred to as Man United or simply United, is a professional football club based in Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England.
FACT: Manmohan Singh was an Indian economist, bureaucrat, academician and statesman who served as the prime minister of India from 2004 to 2014.
FACT: Manuel Antonio Rodolfo Quinn Oaxaca, known as Anthony Quinn, was a Mexican and American actor.
FACT: Mao Zedong, also known as Chairman Mao, was a Chinese revolutionary, politician, writer, political theorist and the founder of the People's Republic of China (PRC).
FACT: Marco Polo was a Venetian merchant, explorer, and writer who travelled through Asia along the Silk Road between 1271 and 1295.
FACT: Marcus Aurelius Antoninus was Roman emperor from 161 to 180 and a Stoic philosopher.
FACT: Marcus Aurelius Antoninus, better known by his nickname Caracalla, was Roman emperor from 198 to 217 AD, first serving as nominal co-emperor under his father and then ruling alone after 211 AD.
FACT: Marcus Tullius Cicero was a Roman statesman, lawyer, scholar, philosopher, orator, and writer who tried to uphold optimate principles during the political crises of the Roman Republic that led to the establishment of the Roman Empire.
FACT: Margaret Hilda Thatcher, Baroness Thatcher, was a British stateswoman who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990 and Leader of the Conservative Party from 1975 to 1990.
FACT: Maria Callas was an American soprano.
FACT: Maria Salomea Skłodowska Curie, better known as Marie Curie, was a Polish and naturalised-French physicist and chemist.
FACT: Maria Theresa was the ruler of the Habsburg monarchy from 1740 until her death in 1780, and the only woman to hold the position in her own right.
FACT: Marie-Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de La Fayette, known in the United States as Lafayette, was a French military officer and politician who volunteered to join the Continental Army, led by General George Washington, in the American Revolutionary War.
FACT: Marilyn Monroe was an American actress and model.
FACT: Mario is a character created by Japanese video game designer Shigeru Miyamoto.
FACT: Marion Robert Morrison, known professionally as John Wayne, was an American actor.
FACT: Mark Joseph Carney is a Canadian politician and economist who has served as the 24th prime minister of Canada since 2025.
FACT: Marlon Brando Jr. was an American actor.
FACT: Married... with Children is an American television sitcom created by Michael G.
FACT: Martin Heidegger was a German philosopher whose work was central to the development of phenomenology, hermeneutics, and existentialism.
FACT: Martin Luther King Jr. was an American civil rights activist and Baptist minister who was a prominent leader of the civil rights movement from 1955 until his assassination in 1968.
FACT: Martin Luther was a German priest, theologian, author, hymnwriter, professor, and former Augustinian friar.
FACT: Martin Van Buren was the 8th president of the United States, serving from 1837 to 1841.
FACT: Marvel's The Avengers is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team of the same name.
FACT: Marvel's The Punisher is an American television series created by Steve Lightfoot for the streaming service Netflix, based on the Marvel Comics character Punisher.
FACT: Mary Ann Evans, known by her pen name George Eliot, was an English novelist, poet, journalist, translator, and one of the leading writers of the Victorian era.
FACT: Mary Elizabeth Truss is a British politician who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Leader of the Conservative Party from September to October 2022.
FACT: Mary I, also known as Mary Tudor, was Queen of England and Ireland from July 1553 and Queen of Spain as the wife of King Philip II from January 1556 until her death in 1558.
FACT: Mary II was Queen of England, Scotland, and Ireland with her husband, King William III and II, from 1689 until her death in 1694.
FACT: Mary Teresa Bojaxhiu, better known as Mother Teresa or Saint Mother Teresa, was an Albanian-Indian Catholic nun, founder of the Missionaries of Charity and a Catholic saint.
FACT: Mary Wollstonecraft was an English writer and philosopher best known for her advocacy of women's rights.
FACT: Mary, Queen of Scots, also known as Mary Stuart or Mary I of Scotland, was Queen of Scotland from 14 December 1542 until her forced abdication on 24 July 1567.
FACT: Master of Puppets is the third studio album by American heavy metal band Metallica, released on March 3, 1986, by Elektra Records.
FACT: Maximilien François Marie Isidore de Robespierre was a French lawyer and statesman, widely recognised as one of the most influential figures of the French Revolution.
FACT: Maya Angelou was an American memoirist, essayist, poet, and civil rights activist.
FACT: Mazda Motor Corporation is a Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Fuchū, Hiroshima, Japan.
FACT: McDonald's Corporation, doing business as McDonald's, is an American multinational fast food restaurant chain.
FACT: Mean Girls is a 2004 American teen comedy film produced by Lorne Michaels and directed by Mark Waters from a screenplay by Tina Fey.
FACT: Meet Joe Black is a 1998 American romantic fantasy drama film directed and produced by Martin Brest, starring Brad Pitt, Anthony Hopkins, and Claire Forlani.
FACT: Mehmed II, commonly known as Mehmed the Conqueror, was the sultan of the Ottoman Empire twice, from August 1444 to September 1446 and then later from February 1451 to May 1481.
FACT: Memento is a 2000 American psychological thriller film and neo noir written and directed by Christopher Nolan, based on the short story "Memento Mori" by his brother Jonathan Nolan, which was later published in 2001.
FACT: Mercedes-Benz, commonly referred to simply as Mercedes and occasionally as Benz, is a German automotive brand that was founded in 1926.
FACT: Messenger is an American proprietary instant messaging service developed by Meta Platforms, the company that operates Facebook.
FACT: Michael Clarke Duncan was an American actor best known for his breakout role as John Coffey in The Green Mile (1999), for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and other honors.
FACT: Michael Collins was an Irish revolutionary, soldier and politician who was a leading figure in the early-20th century struggle for Irish independence.
FACT: Michael Joseph Jackson was an American singer, songwriter, dancer, and philanthropist.
FACT: Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio, known mononymously as Caravaggio, was an Italian painter active in Rome for most of his artistic life.
FACT: Michelangelo di Lodovico Buonarroti Simoni, known mononymously as Michelangelo, was an Italian sculptor, painter, architect, and poet of the High Renaissance.
FACT: Microsoft Bing is a search engine owned and operated by Microsoft, and developed by Microsoft AI.
FACT: Midsomer Murders is a British mystery television series, adapted by Anthony Horowitz and Douglas Watkinson from the novels in the Chief Inspector Barnaby book series created by Caroline Graham.
FACT: Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev was a Soviet and Russian politician who was the last leader of the Soviet Union from 1985 until the country's dissolution in 1991.
FACT: Miles Dewey Davis III was an American trumpeter, bandleader and composer.
FACT: Millard Fillmore was the 13th president of the United States, serving from 1850 to 1853.
FACT: Misery is a 1990 American psychological horror thriller film directed by Rob Reiner from a screenplay by William Goldman.
FACT: Miss Saigon is a sung-through stage musical by Claude-Michel Schönberg and Alain Boublil, with lyrics by Boublil and Richard Maltby Jr.
FACT: Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One is a 2023 American action spy film directed by Christopher McQuarrie from a screenplay he co-wrote with Erik Jendresen.
FACT: Miyamoto Musashi was a Japanese swordsman, strategist, artist, and writer who became renowned through stories of his unique double-bladed swordsmanship and undefeated record in his 62 duels.
FACT: Moby-Dick; or, The Whale is an 1851 epic novel by American writer Herman Melville.
FACT: Mohammad Reza Pahlavi was the last Shah of Iran from 1941 to 1979.
FACT: Mohammed Rafi was an Indian playback singer.
FACT: Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was an Indian lawyer, anti-colonial nationalist, and political thinker who employed nonviolent resistance to lead the successful campaign for India's independence from British rule.
FACT: Mom is an American television sitcom created by Chuck Lorre, Eddie Gorodetsky and Gemma Baker that aired for eight seasons on CBS from September 23, 2013, to May 13, 2021.
FACT: Monster Energy is a brand of energy drinks that was created by Hansen Natural Company in April 2002 and released to the public with its original flavor on April 18, 2002.
FACT: Moonlight is a 2016 American coming-of-age drama film written and directed by Barry Jenkins, based on Tarell Alvin McCraney's unpublished semi-autobiographical play In Moonlight Black Boys Look Blue.
FACT: Morarji Ranchhodji Desai was an Indian politician and independence activist who served as the prime minister of India between 1977 and 1979 leading the government formed by the Janata Party.
FACT: Morse code is a telecommunications method which encodes text characters as standardized sequences of two different signal durations, called dots and dashes, or dits and dahs.
FACT: Mother's Milk is the fourth studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, released on August 16, 1989, by EMI Records.
FACT: Moulin Rouge!
FACT: Mr.
FACT: Muammar Muhammad Abu Minyar al-Gaddafi was a Libyan military officer, revolutionary, politician, and political theorist who ruled Libya from 1969 until his overthrow by Libyan rebel forces in 2011 during the First Libyan Civil War.
FACT: Muhammad Ali was an American professional boxer and activist.
FACT: Muhammad Anwar el-Sadat was an Egyptian politician and military officer who served as the 3rd president of Egypt, from 15 October 1970 until his assassination by members of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad on 6 October 1981.
FACT: Mulholland Drive is a 2001 mystery film written and directed by David Lynch.
FACT: Mustafa Kemal Atatürk was a Turkish field marshal and statesperson who was the founder of the Republic of Turkey and served as its first president from 1923 until his death in 1938.
FACT: My Hero Academia is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Kōhei Horikoshi.
FACT: Mystic River is a 2003 American neo-noir mystery crime drama film.
FACT: Nader Shah Afshar was the founder of the Afsharid dynasty of Iran and one of the most powerful rulers in Iranian history, ruling as the emperor of Iran (Persia) from 1736 to 1747, when he was assassinated during a rebellion.
FACT: Naftali Bennett is an Israeli politician and businessman who served as the prime minister of Israel from 13 June 2021 to 30 June 2022, and as the alternate prime minister from 1 July to 8 November 2022.
FACT: Napoleon Bonaparte, later known by his regnal name Napoleon I, was Emperor of the French from 18 May 1804 until his first abdication in 1814, with a brief restoration during the Hundred Days in 1815.
FACT: Napoleon III was President of France from 1848 to 1852 and then Emperor of the French from 1852 until his deposition in 1870.
FACT: Narcos is an American crime drama television series created and produced by Chris Brancato, Carlo Bernard, and Doug Miro.
FACT: Narendra Damodardas Modi is an Indian politician who has served as the prime minister of India since 2014.
FACT: Naruhito is Emperor of Japan since 1 May 2019.
FACT: Naruto is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Masashi Kishimoto.
FACT: Nathaniel Adams Coles, known professionally as Nat King Cole, was an American singer, jazz pianist, and actor.
FACT: Nazi Germany, officially the German Reich and later the Greater German Reich, was the German state between 1933 and 1945, when Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party controlled the country, transforming it into a totalitarian dictatorship.
FACT: Nebraska is the sixth studio album by the American singer-songwriter Bruce Springsteen, released on September 30, 1982, through Columbia Records.
FACT: Nebuchadnezzar II, more correctly spelled Nebuchadrezzar II, meaning "Nabu, watch over my heir", was the second king of the Neo-Babylonian Empire, ruling from the death of his father Nabopolassar in 605 BC to his own death in 562 BC.
FACT: Nelle Harper Lee was an American novelist whose 1960 novel To Kill a Mockingbird won the 1961 Pulitzer Prize and became a classic of modern American literature.
FACT: Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela was a South African anti-apartheid activist and statesman who was the first president of South Africa from 1994 to 1999.
FACT: Nero Claudius Caesar Augustus Germanicus was a Roman emperor and the final emperor of the Julio-Claudian dynasty, reigning from AD 54 until his suicide in AD 68.
FACT: Netflix is an American subscription video on-demand over-the-top streaming service.
FACT: Neuromancer is a 1984 science fiction novel by William Gibson.
FACT: Neuschwanstein Castle is a 19th-century historicist palace on a rugged hill of the foothills of the Alps in the very south of Germany, near the border with Austria.
FACT: Nevermind is the second studio album and major label debut by American rock band Nirvana, released on September 24, 1991, by DGC Records.
FACT: Newcastle United Football Club is a professional association football club based in Newcastle upon Tyne, Tyne and Wear, England.
FACT: Niccolò di Bernardo dei Machiavelli was a Florentine diplomat, author, philosopher, and historian who lived during the Italian Renaissance.
FACT: Nicholas I was Emperor of Russia, King of Poland, and Grand Duke of Finland from 1825 to 1855.
FACT: Nicholas II was Emperor of Russia, King of Poland and Grand Duke of Finland from 1 November 1894 until his abdication in 1917.
FACT: Nickelodeon is an American pay television channel and the flagship property of Nickelodeon Group, a sub-division of the Paramount Media Networks division of Paramount Skydance.
FACT: Nicolaus Copernicus was a Renaissance polymath who formulated a model of the universe that placed the Sun rather than Earth at its center.
FACT: Nier: Automata is a 2017 action role-playing game developed by PlatinumGames and published by Square Enix.
FACT: Nikita Sergeyevich Khrushchev was the First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union from 1953 to 1964 and the Chairman of the Council of Ministers from 1958 to 1964.
FACT: Nikola Tesla was a Serbian-American engineer, futurist, and inventor.
FACT: Nineteen Eighty-Four is a dystopian speculative fiction novel by the English writer George Orwell.
FACT: Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. is a Japanese multinational automobile manufacturer headquartered in Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan.
FACT: No Country for Old Men is a 2007 American neo-Western crime thriller film written, directed, produced, and edited by Joel and Ethan Coen, based on Cormac McCarthy's 2005 novel.
FACT: No Time to Die is a 2021 spy thriller film and the twenty-fifth film in the James Bond series.
FACT: Nomadland is a 2020 American drama film written, produced, edited and directed by Chloé Zhao.
FACT: Nottingham Forest Football Club is a professional football club based in West Bridgford, Nottinghamshire, England.
FACT: Oldboy (Korean: 올드보이) is a 2003 South Korean action thriller film directed and co-written by Park Chan-wook.
FACT: Oliver Twist; or, The Parish Boy's Progress, is the second novel by English author Charles Dickens.
FACT: Olympique Lyonnais, commonly referred to as simply Lyon or OL, is a men's French professional football club based in Lyon, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France.
FACT: Olympique de Marseille, also known simply as Marseille, or by the abbreviation OM, is a French professional football club based in Marseille which competes in Ligue 1, the top flight of French football.
FACT: On 24 February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, starting the largest and deadliest war in Europe since World War II, in a major escalation of the existing war between the two countries that began when Russia attacked Ukraine in 2014.
FACT: On December 7, 1941, the Empire of Japan launched a surprise military strike on the United States Pacific Fleet at its naval base at Pearl Harbor on Oahu, Hawaii.
FACT: Once Upon a Time in America is a 1984 epic crime film based on Harry Grey's semi-autobiographical 1952 novel The Hoods.
FACT: Once Upon a Time is an American fantasy adventure drama series that aired for seven seasons on ABC from October 23, 2011 to May 18, 2018.
FACT: Once Upon a Time… in Hollywood is a 2019 period comedy-drama film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
FACT: One Battle After Another is a 2025 American epic action-thriller film produced, written, and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson.
FACT: One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is a 1975 American psychological comedy-drama film directed by Miloš Forman, based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Ken Kesey.
FACT: One Hundred Years of Solitude is a 1967 novel by Colombian author Gabriel García Márquez that tells the multi-generational story of the Buendía family, whose patriarch, José Arcadio Buendía, founded the fictitious town of Macondo.
FACT: One Piece is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Eiichiro Oda.
FACT: Only Murders in the Building is an American mystery comedy-drama television series created by Steve Martin and John Hoffman.
FACT: Oppenheimer is a 2023 epic biographical thriller film written, co-produced, and directed by Christopher Nolan.
FACT: Orenthal James Simpson, also known by his nickname "the Juice", was an American professional football player, actor, and media personality who played in the National Football League (NFL) for 11 seasons, primarily with the Buffalo Bills.
FACT: Oscar Fingal O'Fflahertie Wills Wilde was an Irish author, poet and playwright.
FACT: Oscar-Claude Monet was a French painter and founder of Impressionism who is seen as a key precursor to modernism, especially in his attempts to paint nature as he perceived it.
FACT: Oshi no Ko (【推しの子】) is a Japanese manga series written by Aka Akasaka and illustrated by Mengo Yokoyari.
FACT: Otto Eduard Leopold, Prince of Bismarck, Count of Bismarck-Schönhausen, Duke of Lauenburg was a German statesman and diplomat who oversaw the unification of Germany and served as its first chancellor from 1871 to 1890.
FACT: Outlook.com, formerly Hotmail, is a free personal email service offered by Microsoft.
FACT: Pablo Ruiz Picasso was a Spanish painter, sculptor, printmaker, ceramicist, and theatre designer who spent most of his adult life in France.
FACT: Pan American World Airways, originally founded as Pan American Airways and more commonly known as Pan Am, was an airline that was the principal and largest international air carrier and unofficial flag carrier of the United States for much of the 20th century.
FACT: Pandit Ravi Shankar was an Indian sitarist and composer.
FACT: Parasite is a 2019 South Korean black comedy thriller film directed by Bong Joon Ho, who co-wrote the screenplay with Han Jin-won.
FACT: Paris Saint-Germain Football Club, commonly referred to as Paris Saint-Germain, PSG, Paris, or Paris SG, is a French professional football club based in Paris.
FACT: Passengers is a 2016 American science fiction romance film directed by Morten Tyldum, written by Jon Spaihts and starring Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Pratt.
FACT: Patrice Émery Lumumba was a Congolese politician and independence leader who served as the first prime minister of the First Congolese Republic from June until September 1960, following the May 1960 election.
FACT: Paul Gardner Allen was an American businessman, computer programmer, and investor.
FACT: Paul Jackson Pollock was an American painter.
FACT: Paul Joseph Goebbels was a German politician and philologist who was the Gauleiter of Berlin, chief propagandist for the Nazi Party, and then Reich Minister of Propaganda from 1933 until his suicide in 1945.
FACT: Paul Leonard Newman was an American actor, filmmaker, racecar driver, philanthropist, and entrepreneur.
FACT: Paul William Walker IV was an American actor.
FACT: Paul, commonly known as Paul the Apostle or Saint Paul, was a Christian apostle who spread the teachings of Jesus in the first-century AD.
FACT: PayPal Holdings, Inc. is an American multinational financial technology company operating an online payments system in the majority of countries that support online money transfers; it serves as an electronic alternative to traditional paper methods such as checks and money orders.
FACT: Peaky Blinders is a British historical crime drama television series created by Steven Knight.
FACT: Pedro Sánchez Pérez-Castejón is a Spanish politician and economist who has served as Prime Minister of Spain since 2018.
FACT: Pepsi is a carbonated soft drink with a cola flavor, manufactured by PepsiCo which serves as its flagship product.
FACT: Percy Bysshe Shelley was an English writer who is considered one of the major English Romantic poets.
FACT: Persepolis was the ceremonial capital of the Achaemenid Empire.
FACT: Persona 5 is a 2016 role-playing video game developed by P-Studio.
FACT: Peter I was the Tsar of all Russia from 1682 and the first Emperor of Russia from 1721 until his death in 1725.
FACT: Peter III Fyodorovich was Emperor of Russia from 5 January 1762 until 9 July of the same year, when he was overthrown by his wife, Catherine II.
FACT: Peter James O'Toole was an English and Irish actor known for his leading roles on stage and screen.
FACT: Peter Sellers was an English actor and comedian.
FACT: Petra, originally known to its inhabitants as Raqmu, is an ancient city and archaeological site in southern Jordan.
FACT: Philip II, sometimes known in Spain as Philip the Prudent, was King of Spain from 1556, King of Portugal from 1580, and King of Naples and Sicily from 1554 until his death in 1598.
FACT: Philip Seymour Hoffman was an American actor.
FACT: Philips Sport Vereniging, abbreviated as PSV and internationally known as PSV Eindhoven, is a Dutch sports club from Eindhoven, Netherlands.
FACT: Photography is the art, application, and practice of creating images by recording light, either electronically by means of an image sensor, or chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as photographic film.
FACT: Pier Paolo Pasolini was an Italian poet, writer, film director, actor and playwright.
FACT: Pikachu is a Pokémon species in Nintendo and Game Freak's Pokémon media franchise, and the franchise's mascot.
FACT: Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales is a 2017 American swashbuckler fantasy film directed by Joachim Rønning and Espen Sandberg, and written by Jeff Nathanson.
FACT: Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl is a 2003 American fantasy swashbuckler film directed by Gore Verbinski.
FACT: Plato was an ancient Greek philosopher of Classical Athens who is most commonly considered the foundational thinker of the Western philosophical tradition.
FACT: Platoon is a 1986 American war film written and directed by Oliver Stone, starring Tom Berenger, Willem Dafoe, Charlie Sheen, with supporting roles by Forest Whitaker, Francesco Quinn, John C.
FACT: Please Please Me is the debut studio album by English rock band the Beatles.
FACT: Pokémon Legends: Z-A is a 2025 action role-playing game developed by Game Freak and published by Nintendo and The Pokémon Company for the Nintendo Switch and Nintendo Switch 2.
FACT: Pol Pot was a Cambodian politician, revolutionary, and dictator who ruled Democratic Kampuchea from 1975 until his overthrow in 1979.
FACT: Pompeii was a city in what is now the municipality of Pompei, near Naples, in the Campania region of Italy.
FACT: Poor Things is a 2023 film directed by Yorgos Lanthimos and written by Tony McNamara, based on the 1992 novel by Alasdair Gray.
FACT: Pope Benedict XVI was head of the Catholic Church and sovereign of Vatican City from 2005 until his resignation in 2013.
FACT: Pope Francis was head of the Catholic Church and sovereign of Vatican City from 13 March 2013 until his death in 2025.
FACT: Pope John Paul II was head of the Catholic Church and sovereign of Vatican City from 16 October 1978 until his death in 2005.
FACT: Popeye the Sailor Man is a cartoon character created by Elzie Crisler Segar, first appearing on January 17, 1929, in the daily King Features comic strip Thimble Theatre.
FACT: Poppy Playtime is an episodic puzzle survival horror video game series first developed and published in October 2021 by American indie developer Mob Entertainment.
FACT: Predator is a 1987 American science fiction action horror film directed by John McTiernan and written by brothers Jim and John Thomas.
FACT: Pretty Woman is a 1990 American romantic comedy film directed by Garry Marshall and written by J.
FACT: Pride & Prejudice is a 2005 period romance film directed by Joe Wright, in his feature directorial debut, based on Jane Austen's 1813 novel of the same name.
FACT: Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha was the husband of Queen Victoria and consort of the British monarch from their marriage on 10 February 1840 until his death in 1861.
FACT: Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, was the husband of Queen Elizabeth II and served as consort of the British monarch from her accession on 6 February 1952 until his death in 2021, making him the longest-serving royal consort in British history.
FACT: Prince Rogers Nelson, known as Prince, was an American singer, songwriter, musician, dancer, and actor.
FACT: Princess Leia Organa is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise.
FACT: Prison Break is an American crime drama television series created by Paul Scheuring for Fox.
FACT: Professor James Moriarty is a fictional character and criminal mastermind created by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle to be a formidable enemy for the author's fictional detective Sherlock Holmes.
FACT: Project Hail Mary is a 2021 hard science fiction novel by American writer Andy Weir.
FACT: Prometheus is a 2012 science fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and written by Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof.
FACT: Psycho is a 1960 American horror film produced and directed by Alfred Hitchcock.
FACT: Pulp Fiction is a 1994 American independent black comedy crime film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino from a story he conceived with Roger Avary.
FACT: Puyi was the last emperor of China, reigning as the eleventh monarch of the Qing dynasty from 1908 to 1912, and a brief return in 1917, when he was forced to abdicate.
FACT: Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was a Russian composer of the Romantic period.
FACT: Pythagoras of Samos was an ancient Ionian Greek philosopher, polymath, and the eponymous founder of Pythagoreanism.
FACT: Python is a high-level, general-purpose programming language.
FACT: Qatar Airways Company Q.C.S.C., operating as Qatar Airways, is the flag carrier of Qatar.
FACT: Qin Shi Huang was the founder of the Qin dynasty and the first emperor of China.
FACT: R is a programming language for statistical computing and data visualization.
FACT: Rabindranath Thakur, also known by his pseudonym Bhanusimha was a Bengali polymath of the Bengal Renaissance period.
FACT: Raffaello Sanzio da Urbino, now generally known in English as Raphael, was an Italian painter and architect of the High Renaissance.
FACT: Raiders of the Lost Ark is a 1981 American action-adventure film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Lawrence Kasdan, based on a story by George Lucas and Philip Kaufman.
FACT: Rain Man is a 1988 American road comedy-drama film directed by Barry Levinson and written by Barry Morrow and Ronald Bass.
FACT: Rajiv Ratna Gandhi was an Indian politician and pilot who served as the prime minister of India from 1984 to 1989 for two terms.
FACT: Ralph Waldo Emerson, who went by his middle name Waldo, was an American essayist, lecturer, philosopher, minister, abolitionist, and poet who led the Transcendentalist movement of the mid-19th century.
FACT: Ram is the only studio album credited to the spousal music duo Paul and Linda McCartney, and the former's second solo album after leaving the Beatles.
FACT: Ramesses II, commonly known as Ramesses the Great, was the third pharaoh of the Nineteenth Dynasty of Egypt.
FACT: Rangers Football Club is a professional football club in Glasgow, Scotland.
FACT: Ray Charles Robinson was an American singer, songwriter, and pianist.
FACT: Real Betis Balompié, S.A.D., known as Real Betis is a Spanish professional football club based in Seville, Andalusia, Spain.
FACT: Real Madrid Club de Fútbol, commonly referred to as Real Madrid, is a Spanish professional association football club based in Madrid.
FACT: Real Sociedad de Fútbol, S.A.D., more commonly referred to as Real Sociedad in English, and Erreala or Reala in Basque, is a Spanish professional sports club in the city of Donostia / San Sebastián, Basque Country, founded on 7 September 1909.
FACT: Rebecca is a 1938 Gothic novel by the English author Daphne du Maurier.
FACT: Red Bull is a brand of energy drinks created and owned by the Austrian company Red Bull GmbH.
FACT: Red Dead Redemption is a 2010 action-adventure game developed by Rockstar San Diego and published by Rockstar Games.
FACT: Reddit is an American proprietary social news aggregation and forum social media platform.
FACT: Rembrandt Harmenszoon van Rijn was a Dutch Golden Age painter, printmaker, and draughtsman.
FACT: René Descartes was a French philosopher, scientist, logician, and mathematician, widely considered a seminal figure in the emergence of modern philosophy and science during Renaissance era.
FACT: Requiem for a Dream is a 2000 American psychological drama film directed by Darren Aronofsky and starring Ellen Burstyn, Jared Leto, Jennifer Connelly, Christopher McDonald, and Marlon Wayans.
FACT: Resident Evil 4 is a 2005 survival horror game developed and published by Capcom for the GameCube.
FACT: Resident Evil Village is a 2021 survival horror game developed and published by Capcom.
FACT: Resident Evil is a 1996 survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom for the PlayStation.
FACT: Resident Evil is a 2002 action horror film written and directed by Paul W.
FACT: Revolver is the seventh studio album by the English rock band the Beatles.
FACT: Reza Shah Pahlavi was Shah of Iran from 1925 to 1941 and founder of the Pahlavi dynasty.
FACT: Richard I, known as Richard the Lionheart or Richard Cœur de Lion because of his reputation as a great military leader and warrior, was King of England from 1189 until his death in 1199.
FACT: Richard III was King of England from 26 June 1483 until his death in 1485.
FACT: Richard Milhous Nixon was the 37th president of the United States, serving from 1969 until his resignation in 1974.
FACT: Richard Phillips Feynman was an American theoretical physicist.
FACT: Richard Wayne Penniman, better known by his stage name Little Richard, was an American singer-songwriter and pianist.
FACT: Rishi Sunak is a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Leader of the Conservative Party from 2022 to 2024.
FACT: Rita Hayworth was an American actress, dancer, and pin-up girl.
FACT: Rittmeister Manfred Albrecht Freiherr von Richthofen, known in English as Baron von Richthofen or the Red Baron, was a German fighter pilot with the German Air Force during World War I.
FACT: River Jude Phoenix was an American actor and musician.
FACT: Robert Charles Durman Mitchum was an American actor and singer.
FACT: Robert Edward Lee was a Confederate general whose early actions in the American Civil War led to his appointment as the overall commander of the Confederate States Army near the end of the war.
FACT: Robert Francis Kennedy, also known by his initials RFK, was an American politician and lawyer.
FACT: Robert Hooke was an English polymath who was active as a physicist, astronomer, geologist, meteorologist, and architect.
FACT: Robert I, popularly known as Robert the Bruce, was King of Scots from 1306 until his death in 1329.
FACT: Robert James Fischer was an American chess grandmaster and the eleventh World Chess Champion.
FACT: Robert Louis Stevenson was a Scottish novelist, essayist, poet and travel writer.
FACT: Robert Nesta Marley was a Jamaican singer, songwriter, and guitarist.
FACT: Robert Selden Duvall was an American actor, filmmaker, and producer, best known for his roles in the later 20th century of Hollywood.
FACT: Robin McLaurin Williams was an American actor and comedian.
FACT: Rocky is a 1976 American independent sports drama film directed by John G.
FACT: Romanticism was an artistic and intellectual movement that originated in Europe towards the end of the 18th century.
FACT: Ronald Wilson Reagan was an American politician and actor who served as the 40th president of the United States from 1981 to 1989.
FACT: Rosa Luxemburg was a Polish and naturalised-German Marxist theorist and revolutionary.
FACT: Rotten Tomatoes is an American review-aggregation website for film and television.
FACT: Roy Richard Scheider was an American actor and amateur boxer who achieved fame with his leading and supporting roles in celebrated films from the 1970s to the mid-1980s.
FACT: Rubber Soul is the sixth studio album by the English rock band the Beatles.
FACT: Ruhollah Mostafavi Musavi Khomeini was an Iranian political revolutionary and Shia cleric who served as the first supreme leader of Iran from 1979 until his death in 1989.
FACT: Rumours is the eleventh studio album by the British and American rock band Fleetwood Mac, released on 4 February 1977, by Warner Bros.
FACT: Ruth Elizabeth "Bette" Davis was an American actress of film, television, and theater.
FACT: Rutherford Birchard Hayes was the 19th president of the United States, serving from 1877 to 1881.
FACT: Ryanair is an Irish ultra low-cost airline multinational group headquartered in Swords, County Dublin, Ireland.
FACT: Sacagawea was a Lemhi Shoshone or Hidatsa woman who, in her teens, helped the Lewis and Clark Expedition in achieving their chartered mission objectives by exploring the Louisiana Territory.
FACT: Saddam Hussein was an Iraqi politician and revolutionary who served as the fifth president of Iraq from 1979 until his overthrow in 2003 during the United States-led invasion of Iraq.
FACT: Sailor Moon is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Naoko Takeuchi.
FACT: Salah ad-Din Yusuf ibn Ayyub, commonly known as Saladin, was a Kurdish commander and political leader.
FACT: Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud is the King of Saudi Arabia, a position he has held since 2015.
FACT: Salvador Domingo Felipe Jacinto Dalí i Domènech, Marquess of Dalí de Púbol, known as Salvador Dalí, was a Spanish surrealist artist renowned for his technical skill, precise draftsmanship, and the striking and bizarre images in his work.
FACT: Samuel Barclay Beckett was an Irish playwright, poet, novelist, and literary critic.
FACT: Samuel Langhorne Clemens, known by the pen name Mark Twain, was an American writer, humorist, and essayist.
FACT: Samuel Shepard Rogers III was an American playwright, actor, director, screenwriter, author and musician whose career spanned half a century.
FACT: Sanae Takaichi is a Japanese politician who has been Prime Minister of Japan and President of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) since October 2025.
FACT: Santos Futebol Clube is a Brazilian sports club based in Vila Belmiro, a bairro in the city of Santos.
FACT: Sathya Sai Baba was an Indian godman and philanthropist.
FACT: Saturn Devouring His Son is a painting by Spanish artist Francisco Goya.
FACT: Satyajit Ray was an Indian film director, screenwriter, author, lyricist, magazine editor, illustrator, calligrapher, and composer.
FACT: Saud bin Abdulaziz Al Saud was King of Saudi Arabia from 9 November 1953 until his abdication on 2 November 1964.
FACT: Saudi Aramco, officially the Saudi Arabian Oil Company, is a majority state-owned petroleum and natural gas company, it is the national oil company of Saudi Arabia.
FACT: Saving Private Ryan is a 1998 American epic war film directed by Steven Spielberg and written by Robert Rodat.
FACT: Scarface is a 1983 American crime drama film directed by Brian De Palma, and written by Oliver Stone.
FACT: Scary Movie is a 2000 American parody film.
FACT: Scent of a Woman is a 1992 American drama film produced and directed by Martin Brest that tells the story of a preparatory school student who takes a short-term job near Thanksgiving as a companion and assistant to a retired Army lieutenant colonel who is blind, depressed and irritable.
FACT: Schindler's List is a 1993 American epic biographical drama film directed and produced by Steven Spielberg and written by Steven Zaillian.
FACT: Sci-Hub is a shadow library that provides free access to millions of research papers, regardless of copyright, by bypassing publishers' paywalls in various ways.
FACT: Scott Pilgrim vs. the World is a 2010 romantic action comedy film directed by Edgar Wright, and written by Wright and Michael Bacall, based on the graphic novel series Scott Pilgrim by Bryan Lee O'Malley.
FACT: Scratch is a high-level, block-based visual programming language and website aimed primarily at children as an educational tool, with a target audience of ages 5 to 16.
FACT: Scream 2 is a 1997 American slasher film directed by Wes Craven and written by Kevin Williamson.
FACT: Scream is a 1996 American slasher film directed by Wes Craven and written by Kevin Williamson.
FACT: Seinfeld is an American television sitcom created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld.
FACT: Selena Quintanilla-Pérez was an American singer-songwriter.
FACT: Sense and Sensibility is the debut novel by English author Jane Austen, appearing in 1811.
FACT: Serge Gainsbourg was a French singer-songwriter, actor, composer, and director.
FACT: Seven is a 1995 American crime thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by Andrew Kevin Walker.
FACT: Severus Snape is a fictional character in the Harry Potter series of novels by J.
FACT: Sevilla Fútbol Club is a Spanish professional football club based in Seville, Andalusia, that competes in La Liga, the top flight of Spanish football.
FACT: Sex and the City is an American romantic comedy-drama television series created by Darren Star for HBO, based on the newspaper column and 1996 book by Candace Bushnell.
FACT: Sgt.
FACT: Shah Jahan I, also called Shah Jahan the Magnificent, was the fifth Mughal Emperor from 1628 until his deposition in 1658.
FACT: Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings is a 2021 American superhero film based on Marvel Comics featuring the character Shang-Chi.
FACT: Shell plc is a British multinational oil and gas company, headquartered in London, England.
FACT: Shelley Alexis Duvall was an American actress and producer.
FACT: Shimon Peres was an Israeli politician and statesman who served as the prime minister of Israel from 1984 to 1986 and from 1995 to 1996 and as the president of Israel from 2007 to 2014.
FACT: Shinzo Abe was a Japanese statesman and politician who served as Prime Minister of Japan and President of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) from 2006 to 2007 and again from 2012 to 2020.
FACT: Shirley Temple Black was an American actress, singer, dancer, politician, and diplomat, who was Hollywood's number-one box-office draw as a child actress from 1934 to 1938.
FACT: Shutter Island is a 2010 American neo-noir psychological thriller film directed by Martin Scorsese.
FACT: Shōgun is an American historical drama television series created by Rachel Kondo and Justin Marks.
FACT: Sicario is a 2015 American action crime thriller film directed by Denis Villeneuve, written by Taylor Sheridan in his screenwriting debut and starring Emily Blunt, Benicio del Toro, and Josh Brolin.
FACT: Siddhartha Gautama, most commonly referred to as the Buddha, was a wandering ascetic and religious teacher who lived in the eastern Indo-Gangetic Plains during the 6th or 5th century BCE and founded Buddhism.
FACT: Sidney Poitier was a Bahamian-American actor, film director, activist, and diplomat.
FACT: Silent Hill 2 is a 2001 survival horror video game developed by Team Silent, a group in Konami Computer Entertainment Tokyo, and published by Konami for the PlayStation 2.
FACT: Simone Lucie Ernestine Marie Bertrand de Beauvoir was a French existentialist philosopher, writer, social theorist, and feminist activist.
FACT: Simón José Antonio de la Santísima Trinidad Bolívar Palacios Ponte y Blanco was a Venezuelan military officer and statesman who led what are currently the countries of Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, and Venezuela to independence from the Spanish Empire.
FACT: Since April 2023, there has been a civil war in Sudan between two factions of the country's military government.
FACT: Sir Alfred Joseph Hitchcock was an English filmmaker.
FACT: Sir Anthony Charles Lynton Blair is a British politician who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1997 to 2007 and Leader of the Labour Party from 1994 to 2007.
FACT: Sir Arthur Charles Clarke was an English science fiction writer, science writer, futurist, inventor, undersea explorer, and television series host.
FACT: Sir Arthur Ignatius Conan Doyle was a British writer and physician.
FACT: Sir Charles Spencer Chaplin Jr. was an English comic actor, filmmaker, film editor and composer who rose to fame in the era of silent film.
FACT: Sir Christopher Frank Carandini Lee was an English actor and singer.
FACT: Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton was an Anglo-Irish Antarctic explorer who led three British expeditions to the Antarctic.
FACT: Sir George Henry Martin was an English record producer, arranger, composer, conductor, and musician.
FACT: Sir Isaac Newton was an English polymath who was a mathematician, physicist, astronomer, alchemist, theologian, author and inventor.
FACT: Sir John Vincent Hurt was an English actor.
FACT: Sir Keir Rodney Starmer is a British politician and lawyer who has served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom since 2024 and as Leader of the Labour Party since 2020.
FACT: Sir Roger George Moore was an English actor.
FACT: Sir Thomas More, venerated in the Catholic Church as a martyr and saint, was an English lawyer, judge, social philosopher, author, statesman, theologian and noted Renaissance humanist.
FACT: Sir Thomas Sean Connery was a Scottish actor.
FACT: Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill was a British statesman, military officer, and writer who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1940 to 1945, during the Second World War, and again from 1951 to 1955.
FACT: Skyfall is a 2012 spy film and the twenty-third in the James Bond series produced by Eon Productions.
FACT: Slaughterhouse-Five, or, The Children's Crusade: A Duty-Dance with Death is a 1969 semi-autobiographic science fiction–infused anti-war novel by Kurt Vonnegut.
FACT: Slumdog Millionaire is a 2008 British drama film directed by Danny Boyle, written by Simon Beaufoy, and produced by Christian Colson, with Loveleen Tandan credited as co-director.
FACT: Società Sportiva Calcio Napoli, commonly known as SSC Napoli or simply Napoli, is an Italian professional football club based in Naples, Campania that plays in the Serie A, the top league of Italian football.
FACT: Società Sportiva Lazio is an Italian professional sports club based in Rome, most known for its football activity.
FACT: Socrates was an ancient Greek philosopher from Classical Athens, perhaps the first Western moral philosopher, and a major inspiration on his student Plato, who largely founded the tradition of Western philosophy.
FACT: Sonic the Hedgehog 3 is a 2024 action-adventure comedy film based on the Sonic video game series.
FACT: Sons of Anarchy is an American action crime drama television series created by Kurt Sutter for FX.
FACT: Sony Group Corporation, commonly referred to as Sony, is a Japanese multinational conglomerate headquartered at Sony City in Minato, Tokyo, Japan.
FACT: Southampton Football Club is a professional football club based in Southampton, Hampshire, England.
FACT: Southwest Airlines is a major airline in the United States.
FACT: Spectre is a 2015 spy thriller film and the twenty-fourth instalment in the James Bond film series produced by Eon Productions.
FACT: Spider-Man 2 is a 2004 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
FACT: Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
FACT: Spider-Man is a 2002 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
FACT: Spider-Man is a superhero in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
FACT: Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse is a 2023 American animated superhero film based on Marvel Comics featuring the character Miles Morales / Spider-Man.
FACT: Spider-Man: Far From Home is a 2019 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
FACT: Spider-Man: Homecoming is a 2017 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
FACT: Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse is a 2018 American animated superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
FACT: Spider-Man: No Way Home is a 2021 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
FACT: Split is a 2016 American psychological thriller film written, directed and produced by M.
FACT: Sport Lisboa e Benfica, commonly known as Benfica, is a professional football club based in Lisbon, Portugal, that competes in the Primeira Liga, the top flight of Portuguese football.
FACT: Sporting Clube de Portugal, otherwise referred to as Sporting CP or simply Sporting, or as Sporting Lisbon in other countries, is a Portuguese sports club based in Lisbon.
FACT: Spotlight is a 2015 American biographical drama film directed by Tom McCarthy and written by McCarthy and Josh Singer.
FACT: Spy × Family is a Japanese web manga series written and illustrated by Tatsuya Endo.
FACT: Star Trek: The Next Generation (TNG) is an American science fiction television series created by Gene Roddenberry.
FACT: Star Wars is a 1977 American epic space opera film written and directed by George Lucas, produced by Lucasfilm Ltd. and released by Twentieth Century-Fox.
FACT: Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a 2015 American epic space opera film produced, co-written, and directed by J.
FACT: Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker is a 2019 American epic space opera film produced, co-written, and directed by J.
FACT: Starbucks Corporation is an American multinational chain of coffeehouses and roastery reserves headquartered in Seattle, Washington.
FACT: Starfield is a 2023 role-playing game developed by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks.
FACT: Stephen Grover Cleveland was the 22nd and 24th president of the United States, serving from 1885 to 1889 and from 1893 to 1897.
FACT: Stephen Robert Irwin was an Australian conservationist, environmentalist, zookeeper, television personality, and wildlife educator.
FACT: Stephen William Hawking was an English theoretical astrophysicist, cosmologist, and author who was director of research at the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology at the University of Cambridge.
FACT: Steven Paul Jobs was an American businessman, inventor, and investor.
FACT: Stockholms stadion invigs.
FACT: Stonehenge is a prehistoric megalithic structure on Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire, England, two miles (3 km) west of Amesbury.
FACT: Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde is an 1886 Gothic horror novella by Scottish author Robert Louis Stevenson.
FACT: Stranger Things is an American television series created by the Duffer Brothers for Netflix.
FACT: Stuart Fergusson Victor Sutcliffe was a British painter and musician from Edinburgh, Scotland, best known as the original bass guitarist of the Beatles.
FACT: Subhas Chandra Bose was an Indian anti-colonial nationalist.
FACT: Suleiman I, commonly known as Suleiman the Magnificent, was the Ottoman sultan from 1520 to 1566.
FACT: Sun Yat-sen, a.k.a.
FACT: Sunderland Association Football Club is a professional football club based in Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England.
FACT: Super Mario Galaxy is a 2007 platform game developed and published by Nintendo for the Wii.
FACT: Superman is a 2025 American superhero film based on the eponymous character from DC Comics.
FACT: Superman is a superhero created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster, first appearing in issue #1 of Action Comics, published in the United States on April 18, 1938.
FACT: Sverige antar den nuvarande regeringsformen.
FACT: Swami Vivekananda, born Narendranath Datta, was an Indian Hindu monk, philosopher, author, religious teacher, and the chief disciple of the Indian mystic Ramakrishna.
FACT: Søren Aabye Kierkegaard was a Danish Lutheran theologian, philosopher, poet, social critic, and religious author who is widely considered to be the first existentialist philosopher.
FACT: Target Corporation, doing business as Target, is an American retail corporation headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, United States.
FACT: Taxi Driver is a 1976 American neo-noir psychological drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by Paul Schrader.
FACT: Ted Lasso is an American sports comedy-drama television series developed by Jason Sudeikis, Bill Lawrence, Brendan Hunt, and Joe Kelly.
FACT: Ted is a 2012 American fantasy buddy stoner comedy film directed and co-produced by Seth MacFarlane and written by MacFarlane, Alec Sulkin, and Wellesley Wild based on a story written by MacFarlane.
FACT: Teen Wolf is an American supernatural teen drama television series developed by Jeff Davis for MTV.
FACT: Tekken 3 (鉄拳3) is a 1997 fighting game developed and published by Namco.
FACT: TempleOS is a biblical-themed lightweight operating system (OS) designed to be the Third Temple from the Hebrew Bible.
FACT: Tenet is a 2020 science fiction action thriller film written and directed by Christopher Nolan, who also produced it with his wife Emma Thomas.
FACT: Terminator 2: Judgment Day is a 1991 American science fiction action film directed by James Cameron, who co-wrote the script with William Wisher.
FACT: The 14th Dalai Lama is the incumbent Dalai Lama, the highest spiritual leader and head of Tibetan Buddhism.
FACT: The Achaemenid Empire was an ancient Iranian empire founded by Cyrus the Great of the Achaemenid dynasty in 550 BC.
FACT: The Adventures of Tintin is a series of 24 comic albums created by Belgian cartoonist Hergé.
FACT: The Airbus A220 is a family of five-abreast narrow-body airliners by Airbus Canada Limited Partnership (ACLP).
FACT: The Airbus A320 family is a series of narrow-body airliners developed and produced by Airbus, and is the best-selling airliner ever built.
FACT: The Airbus A330 Multi Role Tanker Transport (MRTT) is a European aerial refueling and military transport aircraft based on the civilian Airbus A330.
FACT: The Airbus A330 is a wide-body airliner developed and produced by Airbus.
FACT: The Airbus A350 is a long-range, wide-body twin-engine airliner developed and produced by Airbus.
FACT: The Airbus A380 is a large wide-body airliner, developed and produced by Airbus until 2021.
FACT: The Airbus A400M Atlas is a European four-engine turboprop military transport aircraft.
FACT: The Alchemist is a novel by Brazilian author Paulo Coelho which was first published in 1988.
FACT: The Alhambra is a palace and fortress complex located in Granada, Spain.
FACT: The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is a 2014 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
FACT: The Amazing Spider-Man is a 2012 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man.
FACT: The American Civil War was a civil war in the United States between the Union and the Confederacy, which was formed in 1861 by states that had seceded from the Union to preserve slavery in the United States, which they saw as threatened because of the election of Abraham Lincoln and the growing abolitionist movement in the North.
FACT: The American Revolution (1765–1783) was a political movement in the Thirteen Colonies of Great Britain and the United States which the colonies founded.
FACT: The American Revolutionary War, also known as the Revolutionary War or American War of Independence, was the armed conflict that comprised the final eight years of the broader American Revolution, in which American Patriot forces organized as the Continental Army and commanded by George Washington defeated the British Army.
FACT: The Anaheim Ducks are a professional ice hockey team based in Anaheim, California.
FACT: The Aqsa Mosque, also known as the Qibli Mosque or Qibli Chapel, is the main congregational mosque or prayer hall in the Al-Aqsa mosque compound in the Old City of Jerusalem.
FACT: The Arab Spring was a series of pro-democracy anti-government protests, uprisings, and armed rebellions that spread across much of the Arab world in the early 2010s.
FACT: The Arsenal Football Club is an English professional football club based in Islington, North London, England.
FACT: The Athletics are an American professional baseball team based in West Sacramento, California.
FACT: The Atlanta Braves are an American professional baseball team based in the Atlanta metropolitan area.
FACT: The Aviator is a 2004 epic biographical drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by John Logan.
FACT: The Batman is a 2022 American superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman.
FACT: The Battle of Iwo Jima was a major battle in which the United States Marine Corps (USMC) and United States Navy (USN) landed on and eventually captured the island of Iwo Jima from the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) during World War II.
FACT: The Battle of Waterloo was fought on Sunday 18 June 1815, near Waterloo, marking the end of the Napoleonic Wars.
FACT: The Bear is an American comedy-drama television series created by Christopher Storer for FX on Hulu.
FACT: The Beatles is the ninth studio album and only double album by the English rock band the Beatles, released on 22 November 1968.
FACT: The Beer Hall Putsch, also known as the Munich Putsch, was a failed coup d'état led by Nazi Party leader Adolf Hitler, General Erich Ludendorff, and other Kampfbund leaders in Munich, Bavaria, on 8–9 November 1923, during the Weimar Republic.
FACT: The Bell Boeing V-22 Osprey is an American multi-use, tiltrotor military transport and cargo aircraft with both vertical takeoff and landing (VTOL) and short takeoff and landing (STOL) capabilities.
FACT: The Bell UH-1 Iroquois is a utility military helicopter designed and produced by the American aerospace company Bell Helicopter.
FACT: The Big Bang Theory is an American television sitcom created by Chuck Lorre and Bill Prady for CBS.
FACT: The Big Lebowski is a 1998 crime comedy film written, directed, produced and co-edited by Joel and Ethan Coen, and starring Jeff Bridges, John Goodman, Julianne Moore, Steve Buscemi and John Turturro.
FACT: The Big Short is a 2015 American biographical comedy drama film directed by Adam McKay from a screenplay by McKay and Charles Randolph.
FACT: The Birth of Venus is a painting by the Italian artist Sandro Botticelli, probably executed in the mid-1480s.
FACT: The Birth of a Nation is a 1915 American silent epic drama film directed by D.
FACT: The Blue Boy is a full-length oil on canvas portrait in oil by English artist Thomas Gainsborough, from c.
FACT: The Blues Brothers is a 1980 American musical action comedy film directed by John Landis.
FACT: The Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress is an American four-engined heavy bomber aircraft that was developed in the mid-1930s for the United States Army Air Corps (USAAC).
FACT: The Boeing B-29 Superfortress is a retired American four-engined propeller-driven heavy bomber, designed by Boeing and flown primarily by the United States during World War II and the Korean War.
FACT: The Boeing B-52 Stratofortress is an American nuclear-capable subsonic jet-powered strategic bomber.
FACT: The Boeing CH-47 Chinook is a tandem-rotor helicopter originally developed by American rotorcraft company Vertol and now manufactured by Boeing Defense, Space & Security.
FACT: The Boeing E-3 Sentry is an American airborne early warning and control (AEW&C) aircraft developed by Boeing.
FACT: The Boeing E-4 Advanced Airborne Command Post (AACP), the current "Nightwatch" aircraft, is a series of strategic command and control military aircraft operated by the United States Air Force (USAF).
FACT: The Boeing E-6 Mercury is an airborne command post and communications relay based on the Boeing 707-300.
FACT: The Boeing E-7 Wedgetail, also marketed as the Boeing 737 AEW&C, is a twin-engine airborne early warning and control aircraft originally designed for the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
FACT: The Boeing F/A-18E and F/A-18F Super Hornet are a series of American supersonic twin-engine, carrier-capable, multirole fighter aircraft derived from the McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet.
FACT: The Boeing KC-46 Pegasus is an American military aerial refueling and strategic military transport aircraft developed by Boeing from its 767 jet airliner.
FACT: The Boeing P-8 Poseidon is an American maritime patrol and reconnaissance aircraft developed and produced by Boeing Defense, Space & Security.
FACT: The Book of Mormon is an American musical comedy with music, lyrics, and book by Trey Parker, Robert Lopez, and Matt Stone.
FACT: The Boston Celtics are an American professional basketball team based in Boston.
FACT: The Boston Globe, also known locally as the Globe, is an American daily newspaper founded and based in Boston, Massachusetts.
FACT: The Boston Massacre, known in Great Britain as the Incident on King Street, was a confrontation on March 5, 1770 during the American Revolution in Boston in what was then the colonial-era Province of Massachusetts Bay.
FACT: The Boston Red Sox are an American professional baseball team based in Boston.
FACT: The Boston Tea Party was an act of protest on December 16, 1773 during the American Revolution.
FACT: The Boxer Rebellion, also known as the Boxer Uprising, Boxer Movement, or Yihetuan Movement, was an anti-foreign, anti-imperialist, and anti-Christian uprising in North China between 1899 and 1901, towards the end of the Qing dynasty, by the Society of Righteous and Harmonious Fists.
FACT: The Boys is an American satirical superhero television series developed by Eric Kripke for Amazon Prime Video.
FACT: The British Empire comprised the dominions, colonies, protectorates, mandates, and other territories headed by the British monarchy.
FACT: The Buffalo Bills are a professional American football team based in the Buffalo–Niagara Falls metropolitan area.
FACT: The Buffalo Sabres are a professional ice hockey team based in Buffalo, New York.
FACT: The Burj Khalifa is a megatall skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
FACT: The Byzantine Empire, also known as the Eastern Roman Empire, was the continuation of the Roman Empire centred on Constantinople during late antiquity and the Middle Ages.
FACT: The CAC/PAC JF-17 Thunder, also known as FC-1 Xiaolong, is a Sino-Pakistani single-engine lightweight supersonic multirole combat aircraft developed jointly by the Pakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC) and the Chengdu Aircraft Corporation (CAC) of China.
FACT: The Cable News Network (CNN) is an American multinational news media company and the flagship namesake property of CNN Worldwide, a division of Warner Bros.
FACT: The Catacombs of Paris are underground ossuaries in Paris, France, which hold the remains of more than six million people.
FACT: The Catcher in the Rye is a 1951 American coming-of-age novel by American author J.
FACT: The Celtic Football Club, commonly known as Celtic, is a professional football club in Glasgow, Scotland.
FACT: The Charlotte Hornets are an American professional basketball team based in Charlotte, North Carolina.
FACT: The Chengdu J-10, also known as Menglong is a Chinese medium-weight, single-engine, multirole combat aircraft using a delta wing and canard design, with a maximum speed of Mach 1.8.
FACT: The Chengdu J-7 is a Chinese fighter aircraft.
FACT: The Chevrolet Impala is a full-size car that was built by Chevrolet for model years 1958 to 1985, 1994 to 1996, and 2000 to 2020.
FACT: The Chicago Bears are a professional American football team based in Chicago.
FACT: The Chicago Bulls are an American professional basketball team based in Chicago.
FACT: The Church of the Holy Sepulchre, also known as the Church of the Resurrection, is a fourth-century church in the Christian Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem.
FACT: The Clock Towers is a government-owned hotel complex with seven skyscraper hotels in Mecca, Saudi Arabia.
FACT: The Cold War was a period of international geopolitical rivalry between the United States (US) and the Soviet Union (USSR) and their respective allies, the capitalist Western Bloc and communist Eastern Bloc.
FACT: The Colosseum is an elliptical amphitheatre in the centre of the city of Rome, Italy, just east of the Roman Forum.
FACT: The Conjuring is a 2013 American supernatural horror film directed by James Wan and written by Chad Hayes and Carey W.
FACT: The Count of Monte Cristo is an adventure novel by the French writer Alexandre Dumas.
FACT: The Crown is a historical drama television series about the reign of Queen Elizabeth II, created and principally written by Peter Morgan and produced by Left Bank Pictures and Sony Pictures Television for Netflix.
FACT: The Crusades were a series of military campaigns launched by the papacy between 1095 and 1291 against Muslim rulers for the recovery and defence of the Holy Land, encouraged by promises of spiritual reward.
FACT: The Cuban Revolution was the military and political movement that overthrew the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista, who had ruled Cuba from 1952 to 1959.
FACT: The Cultural Revolution, formally known as the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution, was a sociopolitical movement in the People's Republic of China (PRC).
FACT: The Cyrillic script is a writing system used for various languages across Eurasia.
FACT: The Daily Mail, often known simply as the Mail, is a British daily middle-market tabloid conservative newspaper founded in 1896 and published in London.
FACT: The Daily Telegraph, known online and elsewhere as The Telegraph, is a British daily broadsheet conservative newspaper published in London by Telegraph Media Group and distributed in the United Kingdom and internationally.
FACT: The Dallas Cowboys are a professional American football team based in the Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex.
FACT: The Dallas Mavericks are an American professional basketball team based in Dallas.
FACT: The Dark Knight Rises is a 2012 superhero film based on the DC Comics character Batman.
FACT: The Dark Knight is a 2008 superhero film directed by Christopher Nolan, from a screenplay co-written with his brother Jonathan.
FACT: The Dark Side of the Moon is the eighth studio album by the English progressive rock band Pink Floyd, released on 1 March 1973 by Capitol Records in the US and on 16 March 1973 by Harvest Records in the UK.
FACT: The Dassault Rafale is a French twin-engine, canard delta wing, multirole fighter aircraft designed and built by Dassault Aviation.
FACT: The De Havilland Canada DHC-8, commonly known as the Dash 8, is a series of turboprop-powered regional airliners, introduced by de Havilland Canada (DHC) in 1984.
FACT: The Deer Hunter is a 1978 American epic war drama film co-written and directed by Michael Cimino about a trio of Russian-American steelworkers whose lives are upended by fighting in the Vietnam War.
FACT: The Departed is a 2006 crime thriller film, directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan.
FACT: The Detroit Pistons are an American professional basketball team based in Detroit.
FACT: The Devil Wears Prada is a 2006 American comedy-drama film directed by David Frankel and produced by Wendy Finerman.
FACT: The Dictator is a 2012 political satire black comedy film directed by Larry Charles and written by Sacha Baron Cohen, Alec Berg, David Mandel and Jeff Schaffer.
FACT: The Dome of the Rock is an octagonal Islamic shrine at the center of the Al-Aqsa mosque compound on the Temple Mount in the Old City of Jerusalem.
FACT: The Embraer E-Jet family is a series of four-abreast, narrow-body, short- to medium-range, twin-engined regional jet airliners designed and produced by Brazilian aerospace manufacturer Embraer.
FACT: The English Wikipedia is the primary English-language edition of Wikipedia, an online encyclopedia.
FACT: The Eurofighter Typhoon is a European multinational twin-engine, supersonic, canard delta wing, multirole fighter.
FACT: The Exorcist is a 1973 American supernatural horror film directed by William Friedkin from a screenplay by William Peter Blatty, based on his 1971 novel.
FACT: The Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II, also widely known by the nickname Warthog, is a single-seat, twin-turbofan, straight-wing, subsonic attack aircraft developed by Fairchild Republic for the United States Air Force (USAF).
FACT: The Favourite is a 2018 satirical absurdist period dark comedy art film directed by Yorgos Lanthimos, and written by Deborah Davis and Tony McNamara.
FACT: The Fifth Element is a 1997 English-language French science fiction-action film conceived and directed by Luc Besson, and co-written by Besson and Robert Mark Kamen.
FACT: The Forbidden City is the imperial palace complex in the center of the Imperial City in Beijing, China.
FACT: The Fox News Channel (FNC), often referred to as Fox News, is an American multinational conservative news and political commentary television channel and website based in New York City.
FACT: The French Revolution was a period of political and societal change in France that began with the Estates General of 1789 and ended with the Coup of 18 Brumaire on 9 November 1799.
FACT: The Fresh and Fit Podcast is a show hosted by Sudanese American blogger Amrou Fudl, known online by the pseudonym Myron Gaines, and Barbadian American Walter Weekes, who goes by the moniker "FreshPrinceCEO".
FACT: The GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast is a large-yield bomb, developed for the United States military by Albert L.
FACT: The GBU-57 series MOP—the initials stand for Guided Bomb Unit and Massive Ordnance Penetrator—is a 30,000-pound (14,000 kg) class, 20.5-foot-long (6.2 m) precision-guided munition "bunker buster" bomb developed by Boeing for the United States Air Force (USAF).
FACT: The Garden of Earthly Delights is the modern title given to a five-panel triptych by the Early Netherlandish master Hieronymus Bosch, between 1490 and 1510, when Bosch was between 40 and 60 years old.
FACT: The Gaza war is an armed conflict in the Gaza Strip and Israel, fought as part of the unresolved Israeli–Palestinian and Gaza–Israel conflicts.
FACT: The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is an American single-engine supersonic multirole fourth-generation fighter aircraft developed by General Dynamics and produced by multiple companies, including General Dynamics until 1993 and Lockheed Martin until 2017.
FACT: The Glorious Revolution was the deposition of King James II in November 1688.
FACT: The Godfather Part II is a 1974 American epic gangster film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola, loosely based on the 1969 novel The Godfather by Mario Puzo, who co-wrote the screenplay with Coppola.
FACT: The Godfather Part III is a 1990 American epic gangster film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from the screenplay co-written with Mario Puzo.
FACT: The Godfather is a 1972 American epic gangster film directed by Francis Ford Coppola, who co-wrote the screenplay with Mario Puzo based on Puzo's best-selling 1969 novel.
FACT: The Golden State Warriors are an American professional basketball team based in San Francisco.
FACT: The Goldfinch is an oil painting by Carel Fabritius, a Dutch Golden Age artist, of a life-sized chained European goldfinch.
FACT: The Good, the Bad and the Ugly is a 1966 Italian epic spaghetti Western film directed by Sergio Leone and starring Clint Eastwood as "the Good", Lee Van Cleef as "the Bad", and Eli Wallach as "the Ugly".
FACT: The Grand Budapest Hotel is a 2014 comedy-drama film written and directed by Wes Anderson.
FACT: The Great Gatsby is a 1925 tragedy novel by American writer F.
FACT: The Great Sphinx of Giza is a limestone statue of a reclining sphinx, a mythical creature with the head of a human and the body of a lion.
FACT: The Green Bay Packers are a professional American football team based in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
FACT: The Green Mile is a 1999 American fantasy drama film written and directed by Frank Darabont and based on the 1996 novel by Stephen King.
FACT: The Grumman F-14 Tomcat is an American carrier-capable supersonic, twin-engine, tandem two-seat, twin-tail, all-weather-capable variable-sweep wing fighter aircraft.
FACT: The Guardian is a British daily newspaper.
FACT: The Gulf War was an armed conflict between Iraq and a 42-country coalition led by the United States.
FACT: The HAL Tejas is an Indian single-engine, 4.5 generation, delta wing, multirole combat aircraft designed by the Aeronautical Development Agency and manufactured by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) for the Indian Air Force (IAF) and the Indian Navy.
FACT: The Haitian Revolution, also known as the Haitian War of Independence, was a successful insurrection by enslaved Africans against French colonial rule in Saint-Domingue, now the sovereign state of Haiti.
FACT: The Handmaid's Tale is a futuristic dystopian novel by Canadian author Margaret Atwood published in 1985.
FACT: The Handmaid's Tale is an American dystopian television series created by Bruce Miller, based on the 1985 novel The Handmaid's Tale by Canadian author Margaret Atwood.
FACT: The Hateful Eight is a 2015 American Western mystery thriller film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino.
FACT: The Help is a 2011 period drama film written and directed by Tate Taylor, and based on Kathryn Stockett's 2009 novel of the same name.
FACT: The Hobbit, or There and Back Again is a children's fantasy novel by the English author J.
FACT: The Holy Roman Empire, also known as the Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation after 1512, was a polity comprising and controlling much of Central and Western Europe, headed by the Holy Roman Emperor and characterized by a decentralized political structure.
FACT: The Home Depot, Inc., often referred to as Home Depot, is an American multinational home improvement retail corporation which sells tools, construction products, appliances, and services including fuel and transportation rentals.
FACT: The Hughes/McDonnell Douglas/Boeing AH-64 Apache is an American twin-turboshaft attack helicopter with a tailwheel-type landing gear and a tandem cockpit for a crew of two.
FACT: The Hulk is a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.
FACT: The Hurt Locker is a 2008 American war film directed by Kathryn Bigelow and written by Mark Boal.
FACT: The IAI Heron (Machatz-1) is a medium-altitude long-endurance unmanned aerial vehicle developed by the Malat (UAV) division of Israel Aerospace Industries.
FACT: The Imitation Game is a 2014 American biographical thriller film directed by Morten Tyldum and written by Graham Moore, based on the 1983 biography Alan Turing: The Enigma by Andrew Hodges.
FACT: The Importance of Being Earnest, a Trivial Comedy for Serious People is a play by Oscar Wilde, the last of his four drawing-room plays, following Lady Windermere's Fan (1892), A Woman of No Importance (1893) and An Ideal Husband (1895).
FACT: The Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) are a network of prestigious, autonomous public engineering and technology institutions in India.
FACT: The Internet Archive is an American non-profit library founded in 1996 by Brewster Kahle that runs a digital library website, archive.org.
FACT: The Iranian Revolution, also known as the Islamic Revolution, culminated in the overthrow of the Pahlavi dynasty in 1979.
FACT: The Iran–Iraq War began with the Iraqi invasion of Iran in September 1980.
FACT: The Iraq War, also referred to as the Second Gulf War, was a protracted armed conflict in Iraq from 2003 to 2011.
FACT: The Irishman is a 2019 American epic gangster film directed and produced by Martin Scorsese from a screenplay by Steven Zaillian, based on the 2004 book I Heard You Paint Houses by Charles Brandt.
FACT: The KAI KF-21 Boramae is a South Korean twin-engine fighter aircraft.
FACT: The KAI T-50 Golden Eagle (Korean: 골든이글) is a family of advanced, supersonic, South Korean jet trainers, light combat aircraft, light strike fighters and multirole light fighters developed by Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI) with Lockheed Martin.
FACT: The Kansas City Chiefs are a professional American football team based in Kansas City, Missouri.
FACT: The Katyn massacre was a series of mass executions of Poles carried out by the Soviet Union between April and May 1940.
FACT: The Korean War was an armed conflict on the Korean Peninsula fought between North Korea and South Korea and their allies.
FACT: The Korean alphabet is the modern writing system for the Korean language.
FACT: The Las Vegas Raiders are a professional American football team based in the Las Vegas metropolitan area.
FACT: The Last King of Scotland is a 2006 historical drama film directed by Kevin Macdonald from a screenplay by Peter Morgan and Jeremy Brock.
FACT: The Last of Us Part II is a 2020 action-adventure game developed by Naughty Dog and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
FACT: The Last of the Mohicans is a 1992 American epic historical drama war film co-produced and directed by Michael Mann, who co-wrote the screenplay with Christopher Crowe, based on the 1826 novel of the same name by James Fenimore Cooper and its 1936 film adaptation.
FACT: The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild släpps till Nintendo Switch.
FACT: The Life of a Showgirl is the twelfth studio album by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift.
FACT: The Little Prince is a novella written and illustrated by French writer and aviator Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.
FACT: The Lockheed C-5 Galaxy is a large military transport aircraft designed and built by Lockheed, and now maintained and upgraded by its successor, Lockheed Martin.
FACT: The Lockheed Martin C-130J Super Hercules is a medium-size American four-engine turboprop military transport aircraft.
FACT: The Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II is an American family of single-seat, single-engine, supersonic stealth strike fighters.
FACT: The Lockheed Martin–Boeing F-22 Raptor is an American twin-engine, jet-powered, all-weather, supersonic stealth fighter aircraft.
FACT: The Lockheed SR-71 "Blackbird" is a retired long-range, high-altitude, Mach 3+ strategic reconnaissance aircraft that was developed and manufactured by the American aerospace company Lockheed Corporation.
FACT: The Lockheed U-2, nicknamed the "Dragon Lady", is an American single-engine, high–altitude reconnaissance aircraft operated by the United States Air Force (USAF) and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) since the 1950s.
FACT: The Lord of the Rings is an epic high fantasy novel written by the English author and scholar J.
FACT: The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring is a 2001 epic fantasy film directed by Peter Jackson from a screenplay by Fran Walsh, Philippa Boyens, and Jackson.
FACT: The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King is a 2003 epic fantasy film directed by Peter Jackson from a screenplay he wrote with Fran Walsh and Philippa Boyens.
FACT: The Los Angeles Clippers are an American professional basketball team based in the Greater Los Angeles area.
FACT: The Los Angeles Dodgers are an American professional baseball team based in Los Angeles.
FACT: The Los Angeles Lakers are an American professional basketball team based in Los Angeles.
FACT: The Louvre, or the Louvre Museum, is a national art museum in Paris, France.
FACT: The M1 Abrams is a third-generation American main battle tank designed by Chrysler Defense and named for General Creighton Abrams.
FACT: The M16 rifle is a family of assault rifles adapted from the ArmaLite AR-15 rifle for the United States military.
FACT: The M4 carbine is an assault rifle developed in the United States during the 1980s.
FACT: The Man in the High Castle is an alternative history novel by Philip K.
FACT: The Mark 48 and its improved Advanced Capability (ADCAP) variant are American heavyweight submarine-launched torpedoes.
FACT: The Martian is a 2011 science fiction debut novel written by Andy Weir.
FACT: The Martian is a 2015 epic science fiction survival film directed by Ridley Scott from a screenplay by Drew Goddard.
FACT: The Marvelous Mrs.
FACT: The Matrix Resurrections is a 2021 American science fiction action film co-produced and directed by Lana Wachowski, who co-wrote the screenplay with David Mitchell and Aleksandar Hemon.
FACT: The Matrix is a 1999 science fiction action film written and directed by the Wachowskis.
FACT: The Maze Runner is a 2014 American dystopian science fiction film directed by Wes Ball, in his feature directorial debut, based on James Dashner's 2009 novel.
FACT: The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an American twin-engine, all-weather fighter aircraft designed by McDonnell Douglas.
FACT: The McDonnell Douglas F-15E Strike Eagle is an American all-weather multirole strike fighter derived from the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
FACT: The McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II is an American tandem two-seat, twin-engine, all-weather, long-range supersonic jet interceptor and fighter-bomber that was developed by McDonnell Aircraft for the United States Navy.
FACT: The McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet is an all-weather supersonic, twin-engined, carrier-capable, multirole combat aircraft, designed as both a fighter and ground attack aircraft.
FACT: The McDonnell Douglas/Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a large military transport aircraft developed for the United States Air Force (USAF) during the 1980s and the early 1990s by McDonnell Douglas.
FACT: The Mercator projection is a conformal cylindrical map projection first presented by Flemish geographer and mapmaker Gerardus Mercator in 1569.
FACT: The Metamorphosis, also translated as The Transformation, is a novella by Franz Kafka published in 1915.
FACT: The Mexican Revolution was an extended sequence of armed regional conflicts in Mexico from 20 November 1910 to 1 December 1920.
FACT: The Miami Marlins are an American professional baseball team based in Miami.
FACT: The Mikoyan MiG-29 is a twin-engine fighter aircraft designed in the Soviet Union.
FACT: The Mikoyan MiG-31 is a supersonic interceptor aircraft developed for the Soviet Air Forces by the Mikoyan design bureau as a replacement for the MiG-25 "Foxbat", on which it is based and shares design elements.
FACT: The Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21 is a supersonic jet fighter and interceptor aircraft, designed by the Mikoyan-Gurevich Design Bureau in the Soviet Union.
FACT: The Mil Mi-17 is a Soviet-designed Russian military helicopter family introduced in 1975 (Mi-8M), continuing in production as of 2024 at two factories in Russia, in Kazan and Ulan-Ude.
FACT: The Mil Mi-24 is a large helicopter gunship, attack helicopter and low-capacity troop transport with room for eight passengers.
FACT: The Mona Lisa is a half-length portrait painting by the Italian artist Leonardo da Vinci.
FACT: The Montreal Canadiens, officially Club de hockey Canadien and colloquially known as the Habs, are a professional ice hockey team based in Montreal.
FACT: The Mummy is a 1999 American action-adventure film written and directed by Stephen Sommers, starring Brendan Fraser, Rachel Weisz, John Hannah, and Arnold Vosloo as the titular character.
FACT: The Museum of Egyptian Antiquities, commonly known as the Egyptian Museum and also called the Cairo Museum or the Egyptian Museum in Cairo (EMC), is a national history museum in Cairo, Egypt.
FACT: The Mỹ Lai Massacre was a United States war crime committed on 16 March 1968, involving the mass murder of unarmed civilians in Sơn Mỹ village, Quảng Ngãi province, South Vietnam, during the Vietnam War.
FACT: The Nanjing Massacre or the Rape of Nanjing was the mass rape and murder of Chinese civilians, noncombatants, and prisoners of war by the Imperial Japanese Army in Nanjing, the capital of the Republic of China.
FACT: The National Basketball Association (NBA) is a professional basketball league in North America composed of 30 teams.
FACT: The New England Patriots are a professional American football team based in the Greater Boston area.
FACT: The New York Giants are a professional American football team based in the New York metropolitan area.
FACT: The New York Jets are a professional American football team based in the New York metropolitan area.
FACT: The New York Knickerbockers, shortened and more commonly referred to as the New York Knicks, are an American professional basketball team based in the New York City borough of Manhattan.
FACT: The New York Mets are an American professional baseball team based in the New York City borough of Queens.
FACT: The New York Yankees are an American professional baseball team based in the New York City borough of the Bronx.
FACT: The Night Manager is a British spy thriller television serial based on the 1993 novel by John le Carré and adapted by David Farr.
FACT: The North American Aviation P-51 Mustang is an American long-range, single-seat fighter and fighter-bomber used during World War II and the Korean War, among other conflicts.
FACT: The Northrop B-2 Spirit is an American nuclear-capable subsonic stealth strategic bomber, often referred to as a "stealth bomber".
FACT: The Northrop F-5 is a family of supersonic light fighter aircraft initially designed as a privately funded project in the late 1950s by Northrop Corporation.
FACT: The Northrop Grumman B-21 Raider is an American nuclear-capable subsonic stealth strategic bomber in development for the United States Air Force (USAF) by Northrop Grumman.
FACT: The Northrop T-38 Talon is a two-seat, twinjet supersonic jet trainer designed and produced by the American aircraft manufacturer Northrop Corporation.
FACT: The Notebook is a 2004 American romantic drama film directed by Nick Cassavetes, from a screenplay by Jeremy Leven and Jan Sardi, and based on the 1996 novel by Nicholas Sparks.
FACT: The October Revolution, also known as the Great October Socialist Revolution, October coup, Bolshevik coup, Bolshevik Revolution, and occasionally the November Revolution, was the second of two revolutions in Russia in 1917.
FACT: The Oklahoma City Thunder are an American professional basketball team based in Oklahoma City.
FACT: The Ottoman Empire, historically also known as the Turkish Empire, was a state that spanned much of Southeast Europe, West Asia, and North Africa from the 14th century to the early 20th century, centered in modern-day Turkey.
FACT: The Pahlavi dynasty is an Iranian royal dynasty that was the last to rule Iran before the country's monarchy was overthrown by the Iranian Revolution in 1979.
FACT: The Palace of Versailles is a former royal residence commissioned by King Louis XIV located in Versailles, about 18 kilometres (11 mi) west of the city centre of Paris, in the Yvelines department of Île-de-France region in France.
FACT: The Panavia Tornado is a family of twin-engine, variable-sweep wing multi-role combat aircraft, jointly developed and manufactured by Italy, the United Kingdom and Germany.
FACT: The Passion of the Christ is a 2004 American epic biblical drama film co-produced and directed by Mel Gibson from a screenplay he wrote with Benedict Fitzgerald.
FACT: The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a 2012 American coming-of-age romantic drama film written and directed by Stephen Chbosky, and based on his 1999 novel.
FACT: The Phalanx CIWS is an automated gun-based close-in weapon system to defend military watercraft automatically against incoming threats such as aircraft, missiles, and small boats.
FACT: The Phantom of the Opera is a musical with music by Andrew Lloyd Webber, lyrics by Charles Hart, additional lyrics by Richard Stilgoe, and a libretto by Lloyd Webber and Stilgoe.
FACT: The Philadelphia Eagles are a professional American football team based in Philadelphia.
FACT: The Pianist is a 2002 epic biographical historical drama film co-produced and directed by Roman Polanski, with a script by Ronald Harwood, and starring Adrien Brody.
FACT: The Pietà is a Carrara marble sculpture of Jesus and Mary at Mount Golgotha representing the "Sixth Sorrow" of the Virgin Mary by Michelangelo Buonarroti, in Saint Peter's Basilica, Vatican City, for which it was made.
FACT: The PlayStation 3 is a home video game console developed and marketed by Sony Computer Entertainment (SCE).
FACT: The Prestige is a 2006 science fiction psychological thriller film directed by Christopher Nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother Jonathan Nolan, based on the 1995 novel by Christopher Priest.
FACT: The Pursuit of Happyness is a 2006 American biographical drama film directed by Gabriele Muccino and starring Will Smith as Chris Gardner, a homeless salesman.
FACT: The Renaissance is a European period of history and cultural movement, very roughly defined as covering the 14th through 17th centuries, though sometimes more narrowly defined for instance as only covering the 15th through 16th centuries.
FACT: The Revenant is a 2015 American epic western action drama film directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu.
FACT: The Road is a 2006 post-apocalyptic novel by American writer Cormac McCarthy.
FACT: The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame (RRHOF), also simply referred to as the Rock Hall, is a museum and hall of fame located in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, United States, on the shore of Lake Erie.
FACT: The Rockwell B-1 Lancer is a supersonic variable-sweep wing, heavy bomber used by the United States Air Force.
FACT: The Roman Empire was a state that controlled the Mediterranean and much of Western Europe, Western Asia, and North Africa during the classical period.
FACT: The Rubik's Cube is a 3D combination puzzle invented in 1974 by Hungarian sculptor and professor of architecture Ernő Rubik.
FACT: The Russo-Ukrainian war began in February 2014 and is ongoing.
FACT: The SCP Foundation is a fictional organization featured in stories created by contributors on the SCP Wiki, a wiki-based collaborative writing project, launched in 2008.
FACT: The San Antonio Spurs are an American professional basketball team based in San Antonio.
FACT: The San Francisco 49ers are a professional American football team based in the San Francisco Bay Area.
FACT: The San Francisco Giants are an American professional baseball team based in San Francisco.
FACT: The San Jose Sharks are a professional ice hockey team based in San Jose, California.
FACT: The Sasanian Empire, officially Eranshahr, was an Iranian empire that was founded and ruled by the House of Sasan from 224 to 651 AD.
FACT: The Seattle Seahawks are a professional American football team based in Seattle.
FACT: The Seven Dials Mystery is a mystery novel by Agatha Christie, first published in the UK by William Collins & Sons on 24 January 1929 and in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company later in the same year.
FACT: The Shape of Water is a 2017 period romantic dark fantasy film directed and produced by Guillermo del Toro, who co-wrote the screenplay with Vanessa Taylor.
FACT: The Shawshank Redemption is a 1994 American drama film written and directed by Frank Darabont, based on the 1982 Stephen King novella Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption.
FACT: The Shining is a 1980 psychological horror film produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick and co-written with novelist Diane Johnson.
FACT: The Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk is a four-blade, twin-engine, medium-lift military utility helicopter manufactured by Sikorsky Aircraft.
FACT: The Silence of the Lambs is a 1991 American psychological horror thriller film directed by Jonathan Demme and written by Ted Tally, adapted from Thomas Harris's 1988 novel.
FACT: The Six-Day War, or the 1967 Arab–Israeli war, was fought between Israel and a coalition of Arab states, primarily Egypt, Syria, and Jordan, in the context of the Arab–Israeli conflict.
FACT: The Sixth Sense is a 1999 American psychological thriller film written and directed by M.
FACT: The Social Network is a 2010 American biographical drama film directed by David Fincher and written by Aaron Sorkin.
FACT: The Sopranos is an American crime drama television series created by David Chase.
FACT: The Sound of Music is a 1965 American musical drama film produced and directed by Robert Wise from a screenplay written by Ernest Lehman.
FACT: The Starry Night, is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Dutch Post-Impressionist painter Vincent van Gogh.
FACT: The Statue of Liberty is a colossal neoclassical sculpture of a robed and crowned woman on Liberty Island in New York Harbor, within New York City, U.S.
FACT: The Statue of Unity is the world's tallest statue, with a height of 182 metres, located in Narmada valley, near Kevadia in the state of Gujarat, India.
FACT: The Stonewall riots were a series of spontaneous riots and demonstrations against a police raid that took place in the early morning of June 28, 1969, at the Stonewall Inn, in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Lower Manhattan in New York City.
FACT: The Stranger, also published in English as The Outsider, is a 1942 novella written by Algerian-French author Albert Camus.
FACT: The Substance is a 2024 body horror film written and directed by Coralie Fargeat.
FACT: The Suez Crisis, also known as the second Arab–Israeli war, the Tripartite Aggression in the Arab world and the Sinai War in Israel, was a British–French–Israeli invasion of Egypt in 1956.
FACT: The Sukhoi Su-17 is a variable-sweep wing fighter-bomber developed for the Soviet military.
FACT: The Sukhoi Su-24 is a supersonic, all-weather tactical bomber developed in the Soviet Union.
FACT: The Sukhoi Su-27 is a Soviet twin-engine supersonic supermaneuverable fighter aircraft designed by Sukhoi.
FACT: The Sukhoi Su-35 is the designation for two improved derivatives of the Su-27 air superiority fighter.
FACT: The Sukhoi Su-57 is a twin-engine stealth multirole fighter aircraft developed by Sukhoi.
FACT: The Supermarine Spitfire is a British single-seat fighter aircraft that was used by the Royal Air Force and other Allied countries before, during, and after World War II.
FACT: The Syrian civil war was an armed conflict that began with the Syrian revolution in March 2011, when popular discontent with the Ba'athist regime ruled by Bashar al-Assad triggered large-scale protests and pro-democracy rallies across Syria, as part of the wider Arab Spring.
FACT: The Talented Mr.
FACT: The Tampa Bay Buccaneers are a professional American football team based in Tampa, Florida.
FACT: The Tempest is a play by William Shakespeare, probably written in 1610–1611, and thought to be one of the last plays that he wrote alone.
FACT: The Tennessee Titans are a professional American football team based in Nashville, Tennessee.
FACT: The Terminal is a 2004 American comedy-drama film produced and directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Tom Hanks, Catherine Zeta-Jones and Stanley Tucci.
FACT: The Terminator is a 1984 American science fiction action film directed by James Cameron, written by Cameron and Gale Anne Hurd, and produced by Hurd.
FACT: The Terracotta Army is a collection of terracotta sculptures depicting the armies of Qin Shi Huang, the first emperor of China.
FACT: The Thing is a 1982 American science fiction horror film directed by John Carpenter from a screenplay by Bill Lancaster.
FACT: The Three Musketeers is a French historical adventure novel written and published in 1844 by French author Alexandre Dumas.
FACT: The Three-Body Problem is a 2008 novel by the Chinese hard science fiction author Liu Cixin.
FACT: The Times of India (TOI) is an Indian English-language daily news and digital news media.
FACT: The Toronto Blue Jays are a Canadian professional baseball team based in Toronto.
FACT: The Toronto Maple Leafs, officially the Toronto Maple Leaf Hockey Club and colloquially known as the Leafs, are a professional ice hockey team based in Toronto.
FACT: The Tower of London, officially His Majesty's Royal Palace and Fortress of the Tower of London, is a historic citadel and castle on the north bank of the River Thames in London, England.
FACT: The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark, often shortened to Hamlet, is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare sometime between 1599 and 1601.
FACT: The Tragedy of King Lear, often shortened to King Lear, is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare in late 1605 or early 1606.
FACT: The Tragedy of Macbeth, often shortened to Macbeth, is a tragedy by William Shakespeare, estimated to have been first performed in 1606.
FACT: The Tragedy of Othello, the Moor of Venice, often shortened to Othello, is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare around 1603.
FACT: The Truman Show is a 1998 American satirical psychological comedy-drama film directed by Peter Weir, written and co-produced by Andrew Niccol, and starring Jim Carrey as Truman Burbank, a man who is unaware that he is living his entire life on a colossal soundstage, and that it is being filmed and broadcast as a reality television show that has a huge international following.
FACT: The Twelve-Day War was an armed conflict between Iran and Israel which lasted from 13 to 24 June 2025.
FACT: The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR), also known as the Soviet Union, was a transcontinental country that spanned much of Eurasia from 1922 until its dissolution in 1991.
FACT: The Uplift Mofo Party Plan is the third studio album by American rock band Red Hot Chili Peppers, released on September 29, 1987, by EMI Manhattan.
FACT: The Usual Suspects is a 1995 crime thriller film directed by Bryan Singer and written by Christopher McQuarrie.
FACT: The Utah Mammoth are a professional ice hockey team based in Salt Lake City.
FACT: The Vegas Golden Knights are a professional ice hockey team based in the Las Vegas metropolitan area.
FACT: The Venus de Milo or Aphrodite of Melos is an ancient Greek marble sculpture that was created during the Hellenistic period.
FACT: The Vietnam War was an armed conflict in Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia fought between North Vietnam and South Vietnam and their allies.
FACT: The Wall is the eleventh studio album by the English rock band Pink Floyd, released on 30 November 1979 by Harvest/EMI and Columbia/CBS Records.
FACT: The War of the Worlds is a science fiction novel by English author H.
FACT: The Washington Post is an American daily newspaper published in Washington, D.C.
FACT: The Washington Wizards are an American professional basketball team based in Washington, D.C.
FACT: The Wayback Machine is a digital archive of the World Wide Web founded by the Internet Archive, an American nonprofit organization based in San Francisco, California.
FACT: The Western Wall is an ancient retaining wall of the built-up hill known to Jews and Christians as the Temple Mount of Jerusalem.
FACT: The White Revolution or the Shah and People Revolution was a series of reforms to modernize the Imperial State of Iran launched on 26 January 1963 by the Shah, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, and ended with his overthrow in 1979.
FACT: The Wii is a home video game console developed and marketed by Nintendo.
FACT: The Willis Tower, formerly and still commonly referred to as the Sears Tower, is a 110-story, 1,451-foot (442.3 m) skyscraper in the Loop of Chicago, Illinois, United States.
FACT: The Wire is an American crime drama television series created and primarily written by American author and former police reporter David Simon for the cable network HBO.
FACT: The Wizard of Oz is a 1939 American musical fantasy film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.
FACT: The Wolf of Wall Street is a 2013 American biographical dark comedy crime film co-produced and directed by Martin Scorsese, written by Terence Winter, and based on Jordan Belfort's 2007 memoir.
FACT: The Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S are the fourth generation of consoles in Microsoft's Xbox series, succeeding the previous generation's Xbox One.
FACT: The Yom Kippur War, also known as the 1973 Arab–Israeli War, the fourth Arab–Israeli War, the October War, or the Ramadan War, was fought from 6 to 25 October 1973 between Israel and a coalition of Arab states led by Egypt and Syria.
FACT: Theodore Roosevelt, also known as Teddy or T.R., was the 26th president of the United States, serving from 1901 to 1909.
FACT: There Will Be Blood is a 2007 American epic period drama film co-produced, written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, loosely based on the 1927 novel Oil!
FACT: Thomas Alva Edison was an American inventor and businessman.
FACT: Thomas Aquinas was an Italian Dominican friar and priest, theologian, and philosopher.
FACT: Thomas Edward Lawrence was a British Army officer, archaeologist, diplomat and writer known for his role during the Arab Revolt and Sinai and Palestine campaign against the Ottoman Empire in the First World War.
FACT: Thomas Isidore Noël Sankara was a Burkinabé military officer, Marxist and Pan-Africanist revolutionary who, following his takeover in a coup, remained in power as the first President of Burkina Faso from 1983 until his assassination in 1987.
FACT: Thomas Jefferson was an American Founding Father and the third president of the United States from 1801 to 1809.
FACT: Thomas Stearns Eliot was a poet, essayist and playwright.
FACT: Thomas Woodrow Wilson was the 28th president of the United States, serving from 1913 to 1921.
FACT: Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a 2017 black comedy crime film written, directed, and produced by Martin McDonagh.
FACT: Thriller is the sixth studio album by the American singer and songwriter Michael Jackson.
FACT: Tiberius Julius Caesar Augustus was Roman emperor from AD 14 until 37.
FACT: TikTok, known in mainland China, Macau, and Hong Kong as Douyin, is a social media and short-form online video platform.
FACT: Tina Turner was a singer, songwriter, actress and author.
FACT: Titanic is a 1997 American epic historical romance film written and directed by James Cameron.
FACT: To Kill a Mockingbird is a 1960 Southern Gothic novel by American author Harper Lee.
FACT: Tomodachi Life, known in Japan as Tomodachi Collection: New Life, is a social simulation game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo 3DS.
FACT: Tony Curtis was an American actor with a career that spanned six decades, achieving the height of his popularity in the 1950s and early 1960s.
FACT: Top Gun is a 1986 American action drama film directed by Tony Scott and produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer, with distribution by Paramount Pictures.
FACT: Top Gun: Maverick is a 2022 American action drama film directed by Joseph Kosinski and written by Ehren Kruger, Eric Warren Singer, and Christopher McQuarrie, from a story by Peter Craig and Justin Marks.
FACT: Tottenham Hotspur Football Club, commonly referred to as simply Tottenham or Spurs, is a professional football club based in Tottenham, North London, England.
FACT: Tottenham Hotspur Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in London, England.
FACT: Toyota Motor Corporation is a Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Toyota City, Aichi, Japan.
FACT: Training Day is a 2001 American crime thriller film directed by Antoine Fuqua and written by David Ayer.
FACT: Trainspotting is a 1996 British black comedy drama film directed by Danny Boyle, and starring Ewan McGregor, Ewen Bremner, Jonny Lee Miller, Kevin McKidd, Robert Carlyle and Kelly Macdonald in her film debut.
FACT: Trajan was a Roman emperor from AD 98 to 117, remembered as the second of the Five Good Emperors of the Nerva–Antonine dynasty.
FACT: Treasure Island is an adventure and historical novel by Scottish novelist Robert Louis Stevenson.
FACT: Tropic Thunder is a 2008 satirical action comedy film directed by Ben Stiller, who wrote the screenplay with Justin Theroux and Etan Cohen.
FACT: Troy is a 2004 epic historical action film directed by Wolfgang Petersen and written by David Benioff.
FACT: True Detective is an American anthology crime drama television series created by Nic Pizzolatto for the premium cable network HBO.
FACT: Truman Garcia Capote was an American novelist, screenwriter, playwright, and actor.
FACT: Tupac Amaru Shakur, also known by his stage names 2Pac and Makaveli, was an American rapper and actor.
FACT: Tutankhamun or Tutankhamen, was the antepenultimate pharaoh of the Eighteenth Dynasty of ancient Egypt, who ruled c.
FACT: Twitch is an American video live-streaming service popular in video games, including broadcasts of esports competitions.
FACT: U.S.
FACT: Ulysses S.
FACT: Ulysses is a modernist novel by the Irish writer James Joyce.
FACT: Umar ibn al-Khattab, also spelled Omar, was the second Rashidun caliph, ruling from August 634 until his assassination in 644.
FACT: Unforgiven is a 1992 American revisionist Western film produced and directed by Clint Eastwood from a screenplay by David Webb Peoples.
FACT: Uniqlo Co., Ltd. is a Japanese designer and retailer specializing in fast fashion, with a focus on casual wear.
FACT: United Airlines, Inc. is a major airline in the United States headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.
FACT: Until Dawn is a 2015 interactive drama survival horror game developed by Supermassive Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.
FACT: Uppsala domkyrka invigs.
FACT: V for Vendetta is a 2005 dystopian thriller film directed by James McTeigue from a screenplay by the Wachowskis.
FACT: VK is a Russian online social media and social networking service based in Saint Petersburg.
FACT: Vajiralongkorn, also known by his regnal name Rama X, is King of Thailand, reigning since 2016.
FACT: Valencia Club de Fútbol, S.
FACT: Vasco da Gama was a Portuguese mariner, explorer and nobleman.
FACT: Veronica Mars is an American teen neo-noir mystery drama television series created by screenwriter Rob Thomas.
FACT: Vickie Lynn Marshall, known professionally as Anna Nicole Smith, was an American model, actress and television personality.
FACT: Victor-Marie Hugo, vicomte Hugo was a French Romantic author, poet, essayist, playwright, journalist, human rights activist and politician.
FACT: Victoria was Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 20 June 1837 until her death in 1901.
FACT: Vikings is a historical drama television series created and written by Michael Hirst.
FACT: Villarreal Club de Fútbol, S.A.D., usually abbreviated to Villarreal CF, is a Spanish professional football club based in Villarreal, in the Castellón province of eastern Spain, that plays in La Liga, the top flight of Spanish football.
FACT: Vincent Willem van Gogh was a Dutch Post-Impressionist painter who is among the most famous and influential figures in the history of Western art.
FACT: Vivian Mary Olivier, known professionally as Vivien Leigh and styled as Lady Olivier after 1947, was a British actress.
FACT: Vladimir Ilyich Ulyanov, better known as Vladimir Lenin, was a Russian revolutionary, politician and political theorist.
FACT: Vladimir Vladimirovich Nabokov, also known by the pen name Vladimir Sirin, was a Russian and American novelist, poet, translator, and entomologist.
FACT: Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin is a Russian politician and former intelligence officer who has served as President of Russia since 2012, having previously served from 2000 to 2008.
FACT: Voice of America is an international broadcaster, funded by the United States federal government and established in 1942.
FACT: Volkswagen is a German automobile manufacturer based in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony, Germany.
FACT: Volvo Car AB, trading as Volvo Cars, is a Swedish multinational manufacturer of luxury vehicles.
FACT: Walter Elias Disney was an American animator, film producer, voice actor, and entrepreneur.
FACT: Walter Hartwell White, also known by his alias Heisenberg, is a fictional character and the protagonist of the American crime drama television series Breaking Bad.
FACT: Walter Whitman Jr. was an American poet, essayist, and journalist; he also wrote two novels.
FACT: War and Peace is a literary work by the Russian author Leo Tolstoy.
FACT: Warren Gamaliel Harding was the 29th president of the United States, serving from 1921 until his death in 1923.
FACT: Wembley Stadium, currently branded as Wembley Stadium connected by EE for sponsorship reasons, is an association football stadium in Wembley, London, England.
FACT: Werner Karl Heisenberg was a German theoretical physicist, one of the main pioneers of the theory of quantum mechanics and a principal scientist in the German nuclear program during World War II.
FACT: Wernher Magnus Maximilian Freiherr von Braun was a German American aerospace engineer and space architect.
FACT: West Bromwich Albion Football Club, commonly known as West Brom, The Baggies or The Albion, is a professional association football club based in West Bromwich, West Midlands, England.
FACT: West Ham United Football Club is a professional football club based in Stratford, East London, England.
FACT: West Side Story is a musical conceived by Jerome Robbins with music by Leonard Bernstein, lyrics by Stephen Sondheim, and a book by Arthur Laurents.
FACT: What's Eating Gilbert Grape is a 1993 American coming-of-age drama film directed by Lasse Hallström and starring Johnny Depp, Juliette Lewis, Mary Steenburgen, Leonardo DiCaprio and John C.
FACT: Whiplash is a 2014 American independent psychological drama film written and directed by Damien Chazelle, and starring Miles Teller, J.
FACT: Whitney Elizabeth Houston was an American singer, actress, film producer, and record producer.
FACT: Wicked is a musical with music and lyrics by Stephen Schwartz and a book by Winnie Holzman.
FACT: Wikipedia is a free online encyclopedia written and maintained by a community of volunteers, known as Wikipedians, through open collaboration and the wiki software MediaWiki.
FACT: Wilhelm Bodewin Johann Gustav Keitel was a German field marshal who held office as chief of the Oberkommando der Wehrmacht (OKW), the high command of Nazi Germany's armed forces, during World War II.
FACT: Wilhelm II was the last German Emperor from 1888 until his abdication in 1918.
FACT: Wilhelm Richard Wagner was a German composer, theatre director, essayist, and conductor, best known for his operas, although his mature works are often referred to as music dramas.
FACT: William Blake was an English poet, painter and printmaker.
FACT: William Clark Gable was an American actor often referred to as the "King of Hollywood".
FACT: William Cuthbert Faulkner was an American writer.
FACT: William Felton Russell was an American professional basketball player who played center for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1956 to 1969.
FACT: William Franklin Holden was an American actor and one of the biggest box-office draws of the 1950s.
FACT: William Henry Harrison was the ninth president of the United States, serving from March 4 to April 4, 1841, the shortest presidency in U.S. history.
FACT: William Howard Taft was the 27th president of the United States from 1909 to 1913 and the tenth chief justice of the United States from 1921 to 1930.
FACT: William III and II, also known as William of Orange, was the sovereign Prince of Orange from birth, Stadtholder of Holland, Zeeland, Utrecht, Guelders, and Overijssel in the Dutch Republic from 1672, and King of England, Ireland, and Scotland from 1689 until his death in 1702.
FACT: William IV was King of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and King of Hanover from 26 June 1830 until his death in 1837.
FACT: William Jefferson Clinton is an American politician and lawyer who served as the 42nd president of the United States from 1993 to 2001.
FACT: William McKinley was the 25th president of the United States, serving from 1897 until his assassination in 1901.
FACT: William Shakespeare was an English playwright, poet and actor.
FACT: William Tecumseh Sherman was an American soldier, businessman, educator, and author.
FACT: William the Conqueror, sometimes called William the Bastard, was the first Norman king of England, reigning from 1066 until his death.
FACT: Wilton Norman Chamberlain was an American professional basketball player.
FACT: Windows 7 is a major release of the Windows NT operating system developed by Microsoft.
FACT: Windsor Castle is a royal residence at Windsor in the English county of Berkshire, about 25 miles (40 km) west of central London.
FACT: Wish You Were Here is the ninth studio album by the English rock band Pink Floyd, released on 12 September 1975 through Harvest Records in the United Kingdom and a day later in the United States through Columbia Records, as their first album for the label.
FACT: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was a Classical composer and musician.
FACT: Wolverhampton Wanderers Football Club, commonly referred to as Wolves, is a professional football club based in Wolverhampton, England.
FACT: World War I, or the First World War, also known as the Great War, was a global conflict between two coalitions: the Allies and the Central Powers.
FACT: World War II, or the Second World War, was a global conflict between two coalitions: the Allies and the Axis powers.
FACT: World War Z is a 2013 American action horror film starring Brad Pitt as Gerry Lane, a former United Nations investigator who travels the world seeking a solution for a sudden zombie apocalypse.
FACT: X, formerly known as Twitter, is an American microblogging and social networking service, headquartered in Bastrop, Texas.
FACT: XXXX is a brand of Australian beer brewed in Milton, Brisbane, by Queensland brewers Castlemaine Perkins, now a division of the Japanese company Kirin.
FACT: Xerxes I was a Persian ruler who reigned as the fourth King of Kings of the Achaemenid Empire, reigning from 486 BC until his assassination in 465 BC.
FACT: Yahoo!
FACT: Yair Lapid is an Israeli politician of the centrist Yesh Atid party and a former journalist who has been the Leader of the Opposition since January 2023, having previously served in that role from 2020 to 2021.
FACT: Yasser Arafat, also popularly known by his kunya Abu Ammar, was a Palestinian political leader.
FACT: Yitzhak Rabin was an Israeli statesman and general who was the prime minister of Israel, having served two terms in office, 1974–1977, and from 1992 until his assassination in 1995.
FACT: Yoda is a fictional character in the Star Wars franchise.
FACT: Young Sheldon is an American sitcom television series created by Chuck Lorre and Steven Molaro that aired on CBS from September 25, 2017, to May 16, 2024.
FACT: Yugoslavia was a country in Central Europe and the Balkans that existed from 1918 to 1992.
FACT: Yuliy Borisovich Briner, known professionally as Yul Brynner, was a Russian and American actor.
FACT: Yuri Alekseyevich Gagarin was a Soviet pilot and cosmonaut who, aboard the first successful crewed spaceflight, became the first person to journey into outer space.
FACT: Zachary Taylor was an American military officer and politician who was the 12th president of the United States, serving from 1849 until his death in 1850.
FACT: Zero Dark Thirty is a 2012 American political action thriller film directed by Kathryn Bigelow and written by Mark Boal.
FACT: Zodiac is a 2007 American historical drama and crime thriller film directed by David Fincher and written by James Vanderbilt, based on the nonfiction books by Robert Graysmith: Zodiac (1986) and Zodiac Unmasked (2002).
FACT: eBay Inc. is an American multinational e-commerce company based in San Jose, California, that allows users to buy or view items via retail sales through online marketplaces and websites in 190 markets worldwide.
FACT: iOS is a mobile operating system created and developed by Apple for its iPhone line of smartphones.
FACT: macOS is a proprietary Unix operating system, derived from OPENSTEP for Mach and FreeBSD, which has been marketed and developed by Apple since 2001.
FACT: Édith Giovanna Gassion, known as Édith Piaf, was a French singer and lyricist best known for performing songs in the cabaret and modern chanson genres.
SUBTITLE: 13Th Roman Emperor
SUBTITLE: 1St Prime Minister of the Republic of Singapore
SUBTITLE: 2010S political drama TV series
SUBTITLE: 2020S American mystery comedy-drama TV series
SUBTITLE: 264Th pope of the Catholic Church
SUBTITLE: 266Th pope of the Catholic Church
SUBTITLE: 3-D combination puzzle with many different permutations
SUBTITLE: African American novelist, essayist, and academic
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Airbus Canada
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Airbus Defence and Space
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Airbus Military
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Airbus SAS
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Bell Textron
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Boeing
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Boeing Defense, Space & Security
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Chengdu Aircraft Industry Group
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Dassault Aviation
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by De Havilland Canada
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Embraer
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Eurofighter Jagdflugzeug GmbH
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Fairchild Republic
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Grumman
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Hindustan Aeronautics Limited
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Kazan Helicopters
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Komsomolsk-on-Amur Aircraft Production Association
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Korea Aerospace Industries
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Lockheed Corporation
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Lockheed Martin
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Lockheed Martin Aeronautics
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by McDonnell Douglas
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by North American Aviation
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Northrop
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Northrop Grumman Corporation
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Panavia Aircraft GmbH
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Rostvertol
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Russian Aircraft Corporation MiG
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Skunk Works
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Sukhoi
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Supermarine
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Tbilisi Aircraft Manufacturing
SUBTITLE: Aircraft by Westinghouse Electric Corporation
SUBTITLE: Airline
SUBTITLE: Album by Bruce Springsteen
SUBTITLE: Album by Fleetwood Mac
SUBTITLE: Album by Gorillaz
SUBTITLE: Album by Harry Styles
SUBTITLE: Album by Metallica
SUBTITLE: Album by Michael Jackson
SUBTITLE: Album by Nirvana
SUBTITLE: Album by Paul & Linda McCartney
SUBTITLE: Album by Pink Floyd
SUBTITLE: Album by Red Hot Chili Peppers
SUBTITLE: Album by Taylor Swift
SUBTITLE: Album by The Beatles
SUBTITLE: Album by Wings
SUBTITLE: American Baptist minister and civil rights leader
SUBTITLE: American Black rights activist
SUBTITLE: American Founding Father and statesman
SUBTITLE: American Revolution
SUBTITLE: American TV series
SUBTITLE: American action drama television series
SUBTITLE: American actor
SUBTITLE: American actor and comedian
SUBTITLE: American actor and director
SUBTITLE: American actor and film director
SUBTITLE: American actor and filmmaker
SUBTITLE: American actor and musician
SUBTITLE: American actor, comedian, and director
SUBTITLE: American actor, filmmaker
SUBTITLE: American actress
SUBTITLE: American actress and diplomat
SUBTITLE: American actress and model
SUBTITLE: American actress and singer
SUBTITLE: American actress and television personality
SUBTITLE: American actress, singer, dancer and vaudevillian
SUBTITLE: American actress, writer and screenwriter
SUBTITLE: American anthology horror television series
SUBTITLE: American architect
SUBTITLE: American artist
SUBTITLE: American artist, film director, and producer
SUBTITLE: American astronaut and politician
SUBTITLE: American astrophysicist, cosmologist and author
SUBTITLE: American author
SUBTITLE: American author and humorist
SUBTITLE: American author and journalist
SUBTITLE: American author, screenwriter, film director
SUBTITLE: American automobile division of GM
SUBTITLE: American aviator, author, inventor, explorer, and social activist
SUBTITLE: American aviator, engineer, industrialist, and film producer
SUBTITLE: American banker and philanthropist
SUBTITLE: American basketball player
SUBTITLE: American basketball player and executive
SUBTITLE: American boxer
SUBTITLE: American business magnate
SUBTITLE: American businessman and philanthropist, co-founder of Microsoft
SUBTITLE: American chess player
SUBTITLE: American comedy series
SUBTITLE: American comedy television series
SUBTITLE: American comedy-drama series for The WB and The CW
SUBTITLE: American comedy-drama television series
SUBTITLE: American conductor and composer
SUBTITLE: American convenience store chain
SUBTITLE: American country singer
SUBTITLE: American crime comedy-drama television series
SUBTITLE: American crime drama television series
SUBTITLE: American criminal and cult leader
SUBTITLE: American dancer, actor, and singer
SUBTITLE: American drama television series
SUBTITLE: American energy drink
SUBTITLE: American entertainer
SUBTITLE: American entrepreneur; co-founder of Apple Inc.
SUBTITLE: American essayist, poet, and philosopher
SUBTITLE: American fantasy drama television series
SUBTITLE: American fashion house
SUBTITLE: American fast food chain
SUBTITLE: American fast food restaurant chain
SUBTITLE: American fast food restaurant chain specializing in fried chicken
SUBTITLE: American filmmaker, visual artist, musician, and actor
SUBTITLE: American football player and actor
SUBTITLE: American frontiersman and politician
SUBTITLE: American guitarist
SUBTITLE: American heavyweight submarine-launched torpedoes
SUBTITLE: American icon in New York, United States
SUBTITLE: American inventor and businessman
SUBTITLE: American jazz musician, trumpeter and singer
SUBTITLE: American jazz singer
SUBTITLE: American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, and composer
SUBTITLE: American law enforcement administrator
SUBTITLE: American martial artist and action actor
SUBTITLE: American mathematician and information theorist
SUBTITLE: American medical drama television series
SUBTITLE: American modernist artist
SUBTITLE: American multinational coffee company
SUBTITLE: American multinational home improvement supplies retailing company
SUBTITLE: American multinational oil and gas corporation
SUBTITLE: American musician
SUBTITLE: American musician, singer, songwriter and record producer
SUBTITLE: American novelist
SUBTITLE: American painter
SUBTITLE: American period drama television series
SUBTITLE: American philosopher
SUBTITLE: American playwright and actor
SUBTITLE: American poet and writer
SUBTITLE: American poet, author, and civil rights activist
SUBTITLE: American poet, essayist and journalist
SUBTITLE: American political thriller television series
SUBTITLE: American politician
SUBTITLE: American politician and diplomat
SUBTITLE: American politician and lawyer
SUBTITLE: American polymath and statesman
SUBTITLE: American procedural drama television series
SUBTITLE: American professional boxer
SUBTITLE: American rapper and actor
SUBTITLE: American religious leader
SUBTITLE: American retailer and supermarket chain
SUBTITLE: American rock and roll singer
SUBTITLE: American rock musician
SUBTITLE: American science fiction horror television series
SUBTITLE: American singer
SUBTITLE: American singer and actor
SUBTITLE: American singer and jazz pianist
SUBTITLE: American singer and poet; lead vocalist of The Doors
SUBTITLE: American singer, actor, comedian and film producer
SUBTITLE: American singer, actress, and film producer
SUBTITLE: American singer, guitarist and songwriter
SUBTITLE: American singer, pianist and songwriter
SUBTITLE: American singer, songwriter and musician
SUBTITLE: American singer, songwriter, and pianist
SUBTITLE: American singer, songwriter, dancer, and philanthropist
SUBTITLE: American singing competition
SUBTITLE: American sitcom
SUBTITLE: American sitcom created by Chuck Lorre for CBS
SUBTITLE: American space Western television series
SUBTITLE: American sports comedy-drama television series
SUBTITLE: American stand-up comedian
SUBTITLE: American superhero television series
SUBTITLE: American supernatural drama television series
SUBTITLE: American supernatural teen drama television series
SUBTITLE: American television series
SUBTITLE: American television sitcom
SUBTITLE: American theoretical physicist
SUBTITLE: American theoretical physicist, known as "father of the atomic bomb"
SUBTITLE: American web television series
SUBTITLE: American writer
SUBTITLE: American writer and Scientology founder
SUBTITLE: American writer and biochemist
SUBTITLE: American writer and literary critic
SUBTITLE: American-Greek operatic soprano
SUBTITLE: American-born French dancer, singer and actress
SUBTITLE: American-born Swiss singer and songwriter
SUBTITLE: Ancient Egyptian monumental sculpture
SUBTITLE: Ancient Greek marble statue of a woman
SUBTITLE: Ancient Roman amphitheatre, a landmark of Rome, Italy
SUBTITLE: Ancient Roman city near modern Naples, Italy
SUBTITLE: Ancient rock-cut historical city in Jordan
SUBTITLE: Anglo-Irish Antarctic explorer
SUBTITLE: Argentine Marxist revolutionary
SUBTITLE: Argentine football player and manager
SUBTITLE: Art and archeology museum in Paris, France
SUBTITLE: Art movement
SUBTITLE: Assault rifle
SUBTITLE: Augustus of the Eastern Roman Empire
SUBTITLE: Australian actor
SUBTITLE: Australian zookeeper, conservationist and TV personality
SUBTITLE: Austrian composer of the Classical period
SUBTITLE: Austrian philosopher and logician
SUBTITLE: Austrian skydiver, daredevil and BASE jumper
SUBTITLE: Automotive brand manufacturing subsidiary of Geely
SUBTITLE: Bahamian and American actor and diplomat
SUBTITLE: Battle in South-East Asian theater of World War II
SUBTITLE: Battle in Volcano and Ryukyu Islands campaign
SUBTITLE: Battle in Waterloo Campaign
SUBTITLE: Battle of Nanking
SUBTITLE: Bengali poet, philosopher and polymath
SUBTITLE: Board game by
SUBTITLE: Bohemian writer from Prague
SUBTITLE: Book by Agatha Christie
SUBTITLE: Book by Albert Camus
SUBTITLE: Book by Aldous Huxley
SUBTITLE: Book by Alexandre Dumas
SUBTITLE: Book by Andy Weir
SUBTITLE: Book by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
SUBTITLE: Book by Ayn Rand
SUBTITLE: Book by Bram Stoker
SUBTITLE: Book by Charles Dickens
SUBTITLE: Book by Charlotte Brontë
SUBTITLE: Book by Cormac McCarthy
SUBTITLE: Book by Daniel Keyes
SUBTITLE: Book by Dante Alighieri
SUBTITLE: Book by F. Scott Fitzgerald
SUBTITLE: Book by Frank Herbert
SUBTITLE: Book by Franz Kafka
SUBTITLE: Book by Fyodor Dostoyevsky
SUBTITLE: Book by Gabriel García Márquez
SUBTITLE: Book by George Orwell
SUBTITLE: Book by George R. R. Martin
SUBTITLE: Book by H. G. Wells
SUBTITLE: Book by Harlan Ellison
SUBTITLE: Book by Harper Lee
SUBTITLE: Book by Herman Melville
SUBTITLE: Book by J. D. Salinger
SUBTITLE: Book by J. K. Rowling
SUBTITLE: Book by J. R. R. Tolkien
SUBTITLE: Book by James Joyce
SUBTITLE: Book by Jane Austen
SUBTITLE: Book by Kurt Vonnegut
SUBTITLE: Book by Lautaro de la Iglesia
SUBTITLE: Book by Leo Tolstoy
SUBTITLE: Book by Liu Cixin
SUBTITLE: Book by Louisa May Alcott
SUBTITLE: Book by Lucy Maud Montgomery
SUBTITLE: Book by Margaret Atwood
SUBTITLE: Book by Mary Shelley
SUBTITLE: Book by Miguel de Cervantes
SUBTITLE: Book by Paulo Coelho
SUBTITLE: Book by Philip K. Dick
SUBTITLE: Book by Richard Matheson
SUBTITLE: Book by Robert Louis Stevenson
SUBTITLE: Book by Vladimir Nabokov
SUBTITLE: Book by William Gibson
SUBTITLE: Book by William Golding
SUBTITLE: Book by Wu Cheng'en
SUBTITLE: Bosnian assassin
SUBTITLE: Brand name of two global discount supermarket chains
SUBTITLE: Brand of collectible plush toys
SUBTITLE: Brand of energy drinks sold by Red Bull GmbH
SUBTITLE: Brand of polymer-framed semi-automatic pistols
SUBTITLE: Brazilian footballer
SUBTITLE: British Army officer
SUBTITLE: British Romantic poet
SUBTITLE: British TV series
SUBTITLE: British actor
SUBTITLE: British actor and comedian
SUBTITLE: British actor and director
SUBTITLE: British actress
SUBTITLE: British archaeologist, army officer and diplomat
SUBTITLE: British author and scholar
SUBTITLE: British children's writer and illustrator
SUBTITLE: British comedy television series
SUBTITLE: British economist
SUBTITLE: British explorer, cartographer and naval officer
SUBTITLE: British filmmaker
SUBTITLE: British historical drama television series
SUBTITLE: British multinational oil and gas company
SUBTITLE: British musician
SUBTITLE: British novelist and poet
SUBTITLE: British period drama television series
SUBTITLE: British philosopher and logician
SUBTITLE: British science fiction TV series
SUBTITLE: British science fiction writer, inventor, and futurist
SUBTITLE: British singer, songwriter and musician, frontman of the rock band Queen
SUBTITLE: British singer-songwriter
SUBTITLE: British statesman
SUBTITLE: British stateswoman and prime minister
SUBTITLE: British television detective drama series
SUBTITLE: British theoretical physicist, cosmologist and author
SUBTITLE: British writer and journalist
SUBTITLE: British writer and physician
SUBTITLE: British-American actor
SUBTITLE: British-American actress
SUBTITLE: British-Irish actor
SUBTITLE: British–American television drama series
SUBTITLE: Buddhist temple complex in Cambodia
SUBTITLE: Building complex in Mecca, Saudi Arabia
SUBTITLE: Canadian actor
SUBTITLE: Canadian romantic drama television series
SUBTITLE: Canadian singer, songwriter and poet
SUBTITLE: Canadian-American scientist inventor of telephone
SUBTITLE: Canadian-Irish historical drama television series
SUBTITLE: Car model by General Motors
SUBTITLE: Carbine
SUBTITLE: Carbonated brown-colored soft drink
SUBTITLE: Carbonated soft drink
SUBTITLE: Cartoon fictional character
SUBTITLE: Castle in Bavaria, Germany, Europe
SUBTITLE: Castle in central London, United Kingdom
SUBTITLE: Central figure of Christianity
SUBTITLE: Ceremonial capital of the Achaemenid Empire, Iranian national heritage site
SUBTITLE: Children's song or nursery rhyme
SUBTITLE: Chinese Internet and technology company
SUBTITLE: Chinese automobile manufacturer
SUBTITLE: Chinese imperial palace in Beijing
SUBTITLE: Chinese philosopher and politician
SUBTITLE: Chinese politician, physician, and revolutionary
SUBTITLE: Christian theologian, philosopher, and saint
SUBTITLE: Church in Jerusalem, containing the two holiest sites in Christianity
SUBTITLE: Classical Greek philosopher and polymath
SUBTITLE: Close-in weapon system for defense against anti-ship missiles
SUBTITLE: Collection of ancient Chinese military statues
SUBTITLE: Colombian writer and Nobel laureate
SUBTITLE: Colonial empire
SUBTITLE: Colossal statue of Jesus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
SUBTITLE: Comic book by Eiichiro Oda
SUBTITLE: Comic book by Fujiko F. Fujio
SUBTITLE: Comic book by Hajime Isayama
SUBTITLE: Comic book by Hiromu Arakawa
SUBTITLE: Comic book by Naoko Takeuchi
SUBTITLE: Confederate States general
SUBTITLE: Conflict
SUBTITLE: Congolese politician and independence leader
SUBTITLE: Coup d'etat
SUBTITLE: Cuban politician, author and revolutionary
SUBTITLE: Danish theologian, philosopher, poet and social critic
SUBTITLE: Danish writer and poet
SUBTITLE: Digital software distribution platform from Google
SUBTITLE: Dutch footballer and manager
SUBTITLE: Dutch painter
SUBTITLE: Dutch painter and printmaker
SUBTITLE: Dutch philosopher
SUBTITLE: Dynasty
SUBTITLE: Early Christian apostle and missionary
SUBTITLE: Egyptian third pharaoh of the Nineteenth Dynasty
SUBTITLE: Emperor of Austria and King of Hungary
SUBTITLE: English Romantic poet and lyricist
SUBTITLE: English actor
SUBTITLE: English actor and director
SUBTITLE: English actor and singer
SUBTITLE: English author and Christian apologist
SUBTITLE: English bassist
SUBTITLE: English comic actor and filmmaker
SUBTITLE: English mathematician
SUBTITLE: English mathematician and physicist
SUBTITLE: English modernist writer
SUBTITLE: English musician and actor
SUBTITLE: English musician and member of the Beatles
SUBTITLE: English musician and television personality
SUBTITLE: English mystery and detective writer
SUBTITLE: English natural philosopher, architect and polymath
SUBTITLE: English naturalist and biologist
SUBTITLE: English novelist
SUBTITLE: English novelist and poet
SUBTITLE: English novelist and social critic
SUBTITLE: English novelist, essayist, poet and journalist
SUBTITLE: English philosopher and physician
SUBTITLE: English philosopher and statesman
SUBTITLE: English playwright and poet
SUBTITLE: English poet and artist
SUBTITLE: English record producer
SUBTITLE: English singer
SUBTITLE: English statesman, lawyer and philosopher
SUBTITLE: English writer
SUBTITLE: English writer and intellectual
SUBTITLE: English writer and philologist
SUBTITLE: English writer and philosopher
SUBTITLE: English writer and poet
SUBTITLE: Fashion doll brand and media franchise
SUBTITLE: Fictional character from Sherlock Holmes
SUBTITLE: Fictional character from Star Wars
SUBTITLE: Fictional character in DC Comics
SUBTITLE: Fictional character in Marvel Comics
SUBTITLE: Fictional character in the Harry Potter series
SUBTITLE: Fictional character in the Mario video game franchise
SUBTITLE: Fictional character in the Star Wars universe
SUBTITLE: Fictional character in the television drama series Breaking Bad
SUBTITLE: Fifth and last Roman Emperor of Julio-Claudian dynasty
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Adam McKay
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Alejandro González Iñárritu
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Alex Garland
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Alex Proyas
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Alfonso Cuarón
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Alfred Hitchcock
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Andrew Niccol
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Andy Muschietti
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Ang Lee
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Anthony Minghella
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Anthony Russo
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Antoine Fuqua
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Barry Jenkins
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Barry Levinson
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Baz Luhrmann
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Ben Affleck
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Ben Stiller
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Bong Joon-ho
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Bradley Cooper
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Brian De Palma
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Bryan Singer
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Cameron Crowe
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Chad Stahelski
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Chloé Zhao
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Chris Columbus
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Chris Weitz
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Christopher McQuarrie
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Christopher Nolan
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Clint Eastwood
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Colin Trevorrow
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Coralie Fargeat
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Curtis Hanson
SUBTITLE: Film directed by D. W. Griffith
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Damien Chazelle
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Dan Kwan
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Danny Boyle
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Darren Aronofsky
SUBTITLE: Film directed by David Fincher
SUBTITLE: Film directed by David Frankel
SUBTITLE: Film directed by David Lean
SUBTITLE: Film directed by David Leitch
SUBTITLE: Film directed by David Lynch
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Denis Villeneuve
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Destin Daniel Cretton
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Edgar Wright
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Ethan Coen
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Francis Ford Coppola
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Francis Lawrence
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Frank Darabont
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Gabriele Muccino
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Gareth Edwards
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Garry Marshall
SUBTITLE: Film directed by George Cukor
SUBTITLE: Film directed by George Lucas
SUBTITLE: Film directed by George Miller
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Gil Junger
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Gore Verbinski
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Greta Gerwig
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Guillermo del Toro
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Gus Van Sant
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Ivan Reitman
SUBTITLE: Film directed by J. A. Bayona
SUBTITLE: Film directed by J. J. Abrams
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Jake Kasdan
SUBTITLE: Film directed by James Cameron
SUBTITLE: Film directed by James Gunn
SUBTITLE: Film directed by James Mangold
SUBTITLE: Film directed by James McTeigue
SUBTITLE: Film directed by James Wan
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Jared Hess
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Jean-Marc Vallée
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Jeff Fowler
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Jim Gillespie
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Joachim Rønning
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Joaquim Dos Santos
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Joe Wright
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Joel Coen
SUBTITLE: Film directed by John Carpenter
SUBTITLE: Film directed by John G. Avildsen
SUBTITLE: Film directed by John Landis
SUBTITLE: Film directed by John Lasseter
SUBTITLE: Film directed by John McTiernan
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Jon Favreau
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Jon Watts
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Jonathan Demme
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Jordan Peele
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Joseph Kosinski
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Joss Whedon
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Julius Onah
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Kathryn Bigelow
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Kevin Macdonald
SUBTITLE: Film directed by King Vidor
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Larry Charles
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Lasse Hallström
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Lilly Wachowski
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Louis Leterrier
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Luc Besson
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Luca Guadagnino
SUBTITLE: Film directed by M. Night Shyamalan
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Marc Forster
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Marc Webb
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Mark Waters
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Martin Brest
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Martin Campbell
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Martin McDonagh
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Martin Scorsese
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Mary Harron
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Matt Reeves
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Mel Gibson
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Michael Cimino
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Michael Curtiz
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Michael Mann
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Michel Gondry
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Miloš Forman
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Morten Tyldum
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Nick Cassavetes
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Nicolas Winding Refn
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Oliver Stone
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Orson Welles
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Park Chan-wook
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Paul Haggis
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Paul Thomas Anderson
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Paul W. S. Anderson
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Peter Farrelly
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Peter Jackson
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Peter Ramsey
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Peter Weir
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Phyllida Lloyd
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Quentin Tarantino
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Randal Kleiser
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Rian Johnson
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Richard Kelly
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Ridley Scott
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Rob Reiner
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Robert Benton
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Robert Wise
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Robert Zemeckis
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Roman Polanski
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Ron Howard
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Russell Mulcahy
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Ryan Coogler
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Sam Mendes
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Sam Raimi
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Sean Baker
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Sean S. Cunningham
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Sergio Leone
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Seth MacFarlane
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Shawn Levy
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Sidney Lumet
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Sofia Coppola
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Stanley Kubrick
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Stephen Chbosky
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Stephen Sommers
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Steve McQueen
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Steven Soderbergh
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Steven Spielberg
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Taika Waititi
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Tate Taylor
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Taylor Hackford
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Theodore Melfi
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Todd Phillips
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Tom McCarthy
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Tony Kaye
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Tony Scott
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Valerie Faris
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Wes Anderson
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Wes Ball
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Wes Craven
SUBTITLE: Film directed by William Friedkin
SUBTITLE: Film directed by William Wyler
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Wolfgang Petersen
SUBTITLE: Film directed by Yorgos Lanthimos
SUBTITLE: Film directed by the Wachowskis
SUBTITLE: First emperor of Qin Dynasty
SUBTITLE: Florentine explorer, financier, navigator and cartographer
SUBTITLE: Florentine poet, writer, and philosopher
SUBTITLE: Football club
SUBTITLE: Former General Secretary of the Communist Party of Kampuchea
SUBTITLE: Founder and first khan of the Mongol Empire
SUBTITLE: Founder and first king of Saudi Arabia
SUBTITLE: Founder of the Achaemenid Empire
SUBTITLE: Founder of the Mughal Empire
SUBTITLE: Founding Father and first U.S. president; soldier and slave owner
SUBTITLE: Founding father of the Republic of Turkey
SUBTITLE: French actor
SUBTITLE: French actress, singer, animal rights activist
SUBTITLE: French existentialist philosopher
SUBTITLE: French general and politician
SUBTITLE: French general and statesman
SUBTITLE: French military and political leader
SUBTITLE: French novelist, poet, dramatist and politician
SUBTITLE: French painter
SUBTITLE: French philosopher, author, and journalist
SUBTITLE: French philosopher, mathematician, and scientist
SUBTITLE: French philosopher, social theorist and activist
SUBTITLE: French revolutionary lawyer and politician
SUBTITLE: French singer
SUBTITLE: French singer, songwriter, composer, writer, actor and director
SUBTITLE: French writer
SUBTITLE: French writer and dramatist
SUBTITLE: French writer, historian and philosopher
SUBTITLE: Genevan philosopher, writer, and composer
SUBTITLE: German Benedictine abbess, polymath, mystic and Doctor of Church
SUBTITLE: German Nazi politician, military officer and leader of the Sturmabteilung
SUBTITLE: German and later American aerospace engineer and space architect
SUBTITLE: German automobile brand owned by Mercedes-Benz AG
SUBTITLE: German automotive brand; manufacturing subsidiary of Volkswagen Group
SUBTITLE: German composer
SUBTITLE: German digestif
SUBTITLE: German field marshal
SUBTITLE: German fighter pilot
SUBTITLE: German philosopher
SUBTITLE: German philosopher and theologian
SUBTITLE: German priest and theologian
SUBTITLE: German statesman and Chancellor
SUBTITLE: German writer, artist, natural scientist and politician
SUBTITLE: German-American writer
SUBTITLE: German-born philosopher
SUBTITLE: Greek mathematician and physicist
SUBTITLE: Greek philosopher
SUBTITLE: Greek philosopher and mathematician
SUBTITLE: Group of autonomous Indian public engineering institutes
SUBTITLE: Hawaiian singer
SUBTITLE: Historical era
SUBTITLE: Historical state
SUBTITLE: Holy site of Judaism in Jerusalem
SUBTITLE: Hong Kong–American martial artist and actor
SUBTITLE: Hungarian romantic composer and virtuoso pianist
SUBTITLE: Hungarian-American Jewish nuclear physicist
SUBTITLE: Hungarian-born American illusionist, escapologist, and stunt performer
SUBTITLE: Inca citadel in the Peruvian Andes and UNESCO World Heritage Site
SUBTITLE: Indian Hindu monk and philosopher
SUBTITLE: Indian filmmaker and writer
SUBTITLE: Indian independence activist
SUBTITLE: Indian nationalist leader
SUBTITLE: Indian philosopher and the founder of Buddhism
SUBTITLE: Indian playback singer
SUBTITLE: Indian polymath, philosopher, and social reformer
SUBTITLE: Indian revolutionary
SUBTITLE: Indian sitar player
SUBTITLE: Indian spiritual guru
SUBTITLE: Indian-Israeli surface-to-air missile
SUBTITLE: Invented by Charles Babbage
SUBTITLE: Invented by Thomas Wedgwood
SUBTITLE: Invention or discovery
SUBTITLE: Iranian hypersonic ballistic missile
SUBTITLE: Iranian poet
SUBTITLE: Iraqi British architect, designer and painter
SUBTITLE: Irish brand of beer
SUBTITLE: Irish novelist and poet
SUBTITLE: Irish poet, playwright, and aesthete
SUBTITLE: Irish revolutionary and politician
SUBTITLE: Irish writer
SUBTITLE: Islamic building in Al-Aqsa, Jerusalem
SUBTITLE: Israeli politician, statesman and general
SUBTITLE: Italian Dominican friar, philosopher, Catholic priest, and Doctor of the Church
SUBTITLE: Italian Renaissance polymath
SUBTITLE: Italian artist and architect
SUBTITLE: Italian composer and violinist
SUBTITLE: Italian diplomat and political and military theorist
SUBTITLE: Italian luxury sports car manufacturer
SUBTITLE: Italian navigator, explorer, and colonist
SUBTITLE: Italian painter
SUBTITLE: Italian painter and architect
SUBTITLE: Italian writer, filmmaker, poet, and intellectual
SUBTITLE: Jamaican reggae musician
SUBTITLE: Japanese Marshal Admiral
SUBTITLE: Japanese automobile manufacturer
SUBTITLE: Japanese casual wear designer, manufacturer and retailer
SUBTITLE: Japanese filmmaker
SUBTITLE: Japanese general and politician
SUBTITLE: Japanese manga series
SUBTITLE: Japanese multinational automaker
SUBTITLE: Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer
SUBTITLE: Japanese multinational conglomerate corporation
SUBTITLE: Japanese swordsman, philosopher, strategist, writer, artist, and rōnin
SUBTITLE: King of Babylon
SUBTITLE: King of Denmark, Norway, and England
SUBTITLE: King of Franks, regarded as the first Holy Roman Emperor
SUBTITLE: King of Macedonia and conqueror of Achaemenid Persia
SUBTITLE: King of Saudi Arabia
SUBTITLE: King of Wessex
SUBTITLE: King of the United Kingdom and the British Dominions, and Emperor of India
SUBTITLE: Last monarch of Austria-Hungary
SUBTITLE: Leader of Libya
SUBTITLE: List of massacres in Vietnam
SUBTITLE: MLB franchise
SUBTITLE: Main battle tank family
SUBTITLE: Main villain of the Star Wars Trilogy
SUBTITLE: Marshal of the Soviet Union
SUBTITLE: Marvel Studios television series
SUBTITLE: Men's-right podcast
SUBTITLE: Mexican and American actor
SUBTITLE: Mexican painter
SUBTITLE: Mission by National Aeronautics and Space Administration
SUBTITLE: Mobile app
SUBTITLE: Mosque, museum, and former church in Istanbul, Turkey
SUBTITLE: Museum in Cairo
SUBTITLE: Music museum in Cleveland, Ohio, United States
SUBTITLE: Musical by Andrew Lloyd Webber
SUBTITLE: Musical by Benny Andersson
SUBTITLE: Musical by Claude-Michel Schönberg
SUBTITLE: Musical by Imogen Heap
SUBTITLE: Musical by John Kander
SUBTITLE: Musical by Leonard Bernstein
SUBTITLE: Musical by Lin-Manuel Miranda
SUBTITLE: Musical by Matt Stone
SUBTITLE: Musical by Stephen Schwartz
SUBTITLE: NBA franchise
SUBTITLE: NFL franchise
SUBTITLE: NHL franchise
SUBTITLE: National anthem
SUBTITLE: Native American woman & companion to Lewis and Clark at age 16
SUBTITLE: Neolithic archaeological site in Turkey
SUBTITLE: Neolithic henge monument in Amesbury, Wiltshire, England, UK
SUBTITLE: Newspaper
SUBTITLE: Norse explorer
SUBTITLE: Northern Irish footballer
SUBTITLE: Official London residence and principal workplace of the British monarch
SUBTITLE: Online community
SUBTITLE: Operating System
SUBTITLE: Painting by Carel Fabritius
SUBTITLE: Painting by Francisco Goya
SUBTITLE: Painting by Hieronymus Bosch
SUBTITLE: Painting by Johannes Vermeer
SUBTITLE: Painting by Leonardo da Vinci
SUBTITLE: Painting by Pablo Picasso
SUBTITLE: Painting by Sandro Botticelli
SUBTITLE: Painting by Thomas Gainsborough
SUBTITLE: Painting by Vincent van Gogh
SUBTITLE: Pakistani nuclear engineer
SUBTITLE: Palace and fortress complex in Granada, Andalusia, Spain
SUBTITLE: Palace in Versailles, France and location of the Museum of the History of France
SUBTITLE: Patriarch of Georgia
SUBTITLE: Persian polymath, physician and philosopher
SUBTITLE: Play by Oscar Wilde
SUBTITLE: Play by William Shakespeare
SUBTITLE: Pokémon species, mascot of the Pokémon franchise
SUBTITLE: Polish composer and pianist
SUBTITLE: Polish mathematician and astronomer
SUBTITLE: Polish-German Marxist revolutionary
SUBTITLE: Portuguese association football player
SUBTITLE: Portuguese explorer
SUBTITLE: Portuguese explorer in the service of Spain
SUBTITLE: Pre-Columbian Maya city in Mexico
SUBTITLE: President of Argentina
SUBTITLE: President of Uganda
SUBTITLE: President of the United States
SUBTITLE: Prime Minister of India
SUBTITLE: Programming or computer language
SUBTITLE: Protest, riot, or uprising
SUBTITLE: Queen of the Ptolemaic Kingdom of Egypt from 51 to 30 BCE
SUBTITLE: Radio station
SUBTITLE: Revolution
SUBTITLE: Revolution in China
SUBTITLE: Revolution in Cuba
SUBTITLE: Revolution in England
SUBTITLE: Revolution in France
SUBTITLE: Revolution in Iran
SUBTITLE: Revolution in Mexico
SUBTITLE: Revolution in Russian Republic
SUBTITLE: Revolution in Saint-Domingue
SUBTITLE: Revolution in the United States
SUBTITLE: Roman general and dictator
SUBTITLE: Roman statesman, lawyer, orator, and philosopher
SUBTITLE: Roman-Catholic cathedral in Cologne, Germany
SUBTITLE: Royal residence at Windsor in Berkshire, England, UK
SUBTITLE: Ruler of the Habsburg Dominions
SUBTITLE: Russian Marxist revolutionary
SUBTITLE: Russian author
SUBTITLE: Russian composer
SUBTITLE: Russian dramatist and author
SUBTITLE: Russian novelist
SUBTITLE: Russian-American novelist, lepidopterist, professor
SUBTITLE: Russian-born American writer and public philosopher
SUBTITLE: Russian-born american actor
SUBTITLE: Saudi Arabian state-owned petroleum company
SUBTITLE: Scottish actor
SUBTITLE: Scottish moral philosopher and political economist
SUBTITLE: Scottish novelist and poet
SUBTITLE: Sculpture by Michelangelo
SUBTITLE: Semi-legendary Chinese philosopher, founder of Taoism
SUBTITLE: Serbian-American engineer and inventor
SUBTITLE: Series of 24 comic albums by Belgian cartoonist Georges Remi
SUBTITLE: Seventh Sultan of the Ottoman Empire
SUBTITLE: Sex advice and comedy podcast
SUBTITLE: Skyscraper in Chicago, Illinois
SUBTITLE: Skyscraper in Dubai, United Arab Emirates
SUBTITLE: Skyscraper in Los Angeles, United States
SUBTITLE: Soft drink owned and manufactured by PepsiCo
SUBTITLE: South Korean multinational automaker
SUBTITLE: Soviet invasion of Poland
SUBTITLE: Soviet pilot and cosmonaut, first human in space
SUBTITLE: Spanish artist
SUBTITLE: Spanish conquistador
SUBTITLE: Spanish general and dictator
SUBTITLE: Spanish painter and printmaker
SUBTITLE: Spanish painter and sculptor
SUBTITLE: Sports stadium
SUBTITLE: Statue of Vallabhbhai Patel at the bank of Narmada river, Gujarat, India
SUBTITLE: Superhero appearing in DC Comics publications
SUBTITLE: Svensk domkyrka
SUBTITLE: Svensk formgivare
SUBTITLE: Svensk grundlag
SUBTITLE: Svensk idrottsarena
SUBTITLE: Svensk kulturinstitution
SUBTITLE: Svensk kyrkobyggnad
SUBTITLE: Svensk nationalscen
SUBTITLE: Svensk podcast
SUBTITLE: Svensk programledare
SUBTITLE: Svensk teater
SUBTITLE: Svensk uppfinnare
SUBTITLE: Svensk uppfinning
SUBTITLE: Swedish director and screenwriter
SUBTITLE: Swiss mathematician, physicist, and engineer
SUBTITLE: TV channel
SUBTITLE: The 11th Emperor of Russia
SUBTITLE: The 12th Emperor of Russia
SUBTITLE: The 14th and last Emperor of Russia
SUBTITLE: The eighth and greatest Emperor of Russia
SUBTITLE: The fifth Achaemenid emperor
SUBTITLE: The fourth and greatest Achaemenid emperor
SUBTITLE: The main prayer hall of the Al-Aqsa mosque compound in Jerusalem
SUBTITLE: The seventh Emperor of Russia
SUBTITLE: The tenth Emperor of Russia
SUBTITLE: Toy from Mattel
SUBTITLE: Underground ossuary in Paris, France
SUBTITLE: United States Air Force bunker buster bomb of GBU-57 family
SUBTITLE: United States Army general
SUBTITLE: United States Army general in WWI, WWII and Korea
SUBTITLE: United States large-yield bomb
SUBTITLE: Upcoming HBO TV series
SUBTITLE: Venetian explorer and merchant who travelled through Asia
SUBTITLE: Venezuelan politician, 56th president of Venezuela
SUBTITLE: Venezuelan statesman and military officer
SUBTITLE: Video game
SUBTITLE: Video game by Atlus
SUBTITLE: Video game by Bethesda Game Studios
SUBTITLE: Video game by Black Isle Studios
SUBTITLE: Video game by Capcom
SUBTITLE: Video game by Game Freak
SUBTITLE: Video game by Game Science
SUBTITLE: Video game by Guerrilla Games
SUBTITLE: Video game by Hazelight Studios
SUBTITLE: Video game by Koei Tecmo Holdings
SUBTITLE: Video game by Kojima Productions
SUBTITLE: Video game by Mob Entertainment
SUBTITLE: Video game by Namco
SUBTITLE: Video game by Naughty Dog
SUBTITLE: Video game by Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development
SUBTITLE: Video game by Nintendo Software Planning & Development
SUBTITLE: Video game by Pearl Abyss
SUBTITLE: Video game by Raven Software
SUBTITLE: Video game by Rockstar San Diego
SUBTITLE: Video game by Rockstar Toronto
SUBTITLE: Video game by Santa Monica Studio
SUBTITLE: Video game by Square
SUBTITLE: Video game by Square Enix Business Division 1
SUBTITLE: Video game by Supergiant Games
SUBTITLE: Video game by Supermassive Games
SUBTITLE: Video game by Team Cherry
SUBTITLE: Video game by Team Silent
SUBTITLE: Video game by Type‐Moon
SUBTITLE: Video game by miHoYo
SUBTITLE: Video game console from Foxconn
SUBTITLE: Video game console from Microsoft
SUBTITLE: Video game console from Sony Interactive Entertainment
SUBTITLE: Web browser
SUBTITLE: Website
SUBTITLE: Writing system
SUBTITLE: XxxAustralian beer brand
SUBTITLE: Yugoslav revolutionary and statesman
SUBTITLE: Zelda-klassiker
TITLE: 7-Eleven is founded
TITLE: A&W Restaurants is founded
TITLE: AC Milan is founded
TITLE: ACF Fiorentina is founded
TITLE: AFC Ajax is founded
TITLE: AFC Bournemouth is founded
TITLE: AS Monaco FC is founded
TITLE: AS Roma is founded
TITLE: Aaron Burr dies
TITLE: Abdul Qadeer Khan dies
TITLE: Abdullah II of Jordan becomes King of Jordan
TITLE: Abdullah of Saudi Arabia becomes King of Saudi Arabia
TITLE: Abraham Lincoln becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Abraham Lincoln dies
TITLE: Abraj Al Bait is completed
TITLE: Achaemenid Empire is established
TITLE: Ada Lovelace dies
TITLE: Adam Smith dies
TITLE: Adolf Hitler becomes chancellor of Germany
TITLE: Agatha Christie dies
TITLE: Ahmad Shah Qajar becomes shah
TITLE: Air Canada is founded
TITLE: Air India is founded
TITLE: Airbus A220 first flies
TITLE: Airbus A320 family first flies
TITLE: Airbus A330 MRTT first flies
TITLE: Airbus A330 first flies
TITLE: Airbus A350 first flies
TITLE: Airbus A380 first flies
TITLE: Airbus A400M Atlas first flies
TITLE: Akbar becomes Mughal emperor
TITLE: Akbar dies
TITLE: Akihito becomes Emperor of Japan
TITLE: Akira Kurosawa dies
TITLE: Al Gore wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Al-Aqsa Mosque is completed
TITLE: Alain Delon dies
TITLE: Alan Arkin dies
TITLE: Alan Rickman dies
TITLE: Albert Camus dies
TITLE: Albert Camus wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Albert Einstein wins the Nobel Prize in Physics
TITLE: Aldi is founded
TITLE: Aldous Huxley dies
TITLE: Alex & Sigges podcast startar
TITLE: Alexander Graham Bell dies
TITLE: Alexander Hamilton dies
TITLE: Alexander I of Russia dies
TITLE: Alexander II of Russia dies
TITLE: Alexander III of Russia dies
TITLE: Alexander the Great becomes king of Macedonia
TITLE: Alexander the Great becomes pharaoh
TITLE: Alexander the Great dies
TITLE: Alexandre Dumas dies
TITLE: Alfred Hitchcock dies
TITLE: Alfred Nobel uppfinner dynamiten
TITLE: Alfred the Great becomes King of Wessex
TITLE: Alfred the Great becomes king of England
TITLE: Alfred the Great dies
TITLE: Alhambra is completed
TITLE: Allen Ginsberg dies
TITLE: Alī ibn Abī Ṭālib dies
TITLE: American Airlines is founded
TITLE: American Civil War begins
TITLE: American Revolution begins
TITLE: American Revolutionary War begins
TITLE: Amerigo Vespucci dies
TITLE: Amy Winehouse dies
TITLE: Anaheim Ducks is founded
TITLE: Andrew Jackson becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Andrew Jackson dies
TITLE: Andrew Johnson becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Andrew Johnson dies
TITLE: Andy Warhol dies
TITLE: Angela Merkel becomes chancellor of Germany
TITLE: Angkor Wat is completed
TITLE: Anna Nicole Smith dies
TITLE: Anne of Great Britain becomes Queen of Great Britain
TITLE: Anne of Great Britain becomes queen of England
TITLE: Anne of Great Britain becomes queen of Scotland
TITLE: Anne of Great Britain dies
TITLE: Anthony Albanese becomes prime minister of Australia
TITLE: Anthony Quinn dies
TITLE: Anton Chekhov dies
TITLE: Antonio Vivaldi dies
TITLE: Anwar Sadat dies
TITLE: Anwar Sadat wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Apollo 11 launches
TITLE: Apollo 13 launches
TITLE: Arab Spring begins
TITLE: Archimedes dies
TITLE: Aretha Franklin dies
TITLE: Ariel Sharon becomes prime minister of Israel
TITLE: Aristotle dies
TITLE: Arsenal F.C. is founded
TITLE: Art Deco movement begins
TITLE: Art Nouveau movement begins
TITLE: Arthur C. Clarke dies
TITLE: Arthur Conan Doyle dies
TITLE: Arthur Schopenhauer dies
TITLE: Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington dies
TITLE: Ashoka becomes Mauryan Emperor
TITLE: Aston Villa F.C. is founded
TITLE: Atal Bihari Vajpayee becomes prime minister of India
TITLE: Atalanta BC is founded
TITLE: Athletic Club is founded
TITLE: Athletics is founded
TITLE: Atlanta Braves is founded
TITLE: Atlético Madrid is founded
TITLE: Attack on Pearl Harbor takes place
TITLE: Audrey Hepburn dies
TITLE: Augustine of Hippo dies
TITLE: Augustus becomes Roman emperor
TITLE: Aung San Suu Kyi wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Aurangzeb dies
TITLE: Avicenna dies
TITLE: Ayn Rand dies
TITLE: B. R. Ambedkar dies
TITLE: BYD Auto is founded
TITLE: Babur dies
TITLE: Barack Obama becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Barak 8 enters service
TITLE: Barbie debuts
TITLE: Barbie is founded
TITLE: Batman first appears
TITLE: Battle of Iwo Jima takes place
TITLE: Battle of Waterloo takes place
TITLE: Bayer 04 Leverkusen is founded
TITLE: Beatrix Potter dies
TITLE: Beer Hall Putsch takes place
TITLE: Bell UH-1 Iroquois first flies
TITLE: Bell/Boeing V-22 Osprey first flies
TITLE: Benedict XVI dies
TITLE: Benedictus de Spinoza dies
TITLE: Benito Juárez becomes president of Mexico
TITLE: Benjamin Disraeli dies
TITLE: Benjamin Franklin dies
TITLE: Benjamin Harrison dies
TITLE: Benjamin Netanyahu becomes prime minister of Israel
TITLE: Bernard Montgomery dies
TITLE: Bertrand Russell dies
TITLE: Bertrand Russell wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Bette Davis dies
TITLE: Bhagat Singh dies
TITLE: Bill Clinton becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Bill Russell dies
TITLE: Billie Holiday dies
TITLE: Bing Crosby dies
TITLE: Blackburn Rovers F.C. is founded
TITLE: Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Bob Hope dies
TITLE: Bob Marley dies
TITLE: Bobby Fischer dies
TITLE: Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress first flies
TITLE: Boeing B-29 Superfortress first flies
TITLE: Boeing B-52 Stratofortress first flies
TITLE: Boeing C-17 Globemaster III first flies
TITLE: Boeing CH-47 Chinook first flies
TITLE: Boeing E-3 Sentry first flies
TITLE: Boeing E-6 Mercury first flies
TITLE: Boeing E-7 Wedgetail first flies
TITLE: Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornet first flies
TITLE: Boeing P-8 Poseidon first flies
TITLE: Boris Johnson becomes prime minister of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Boris Yeltsin becomes president of Russia
TITLE: Borussia Dortmund is founded
TITLE: Boston Celtics is founded
TITLE: Boston Massacre takes place
TITLE: Boston Red Sox is founded
TITLE: Boston Tea Party
TITLE: Boxer Rebellion
TITLE: Breath of the Wild släpps
TITLE: Brian Wilson dies
TITLE: Brigitte Bardot dies
TITLE: British Airways is founded
TITLE: British Empire is established
TITLE: Brittany Murphy dies
TITLE: Bruce Lee dies
TITLE: Buckingham Palace opens
TITLE: Buddy Holly dies
TITLE: Buffalo Bills is founded
TITLE: Buffalo Sabres is founded
TITLE: Burj Khalifa is completed
TITLE: Burnley F.C. is founded
TITLE: Buster Keaton dies
TITLE: ByteDance is founded
TITLE: Byzantine Empire is established
TITLE: C-130J Super Hercules first flies
TITLE: CAC/PAC JF-17 Thunder first flies
TITLE: Caligula becomes Roman emperor
TITLE: Calvin Coolidge becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Calvin Coolidge dies
TITLE: Calvin Klein is founded
TITLE: Camp Nou opens
TITLE: Caracalla dies
TITLE: Caravaggio dies
TITLE: Carl Sagan dies
TITLE: Carrie Fisher dies
TITLE: Cary Grant dies
TITLE: Catacombs of Paris opens
TITLE: Cathay Pacific is founded
TITLE: Catherine II of Russia becomes Empress of all the Russias
TITLE: Catherine II of Russia dies
TITLE: Celtic F.C. is founded
TITLE: Charlemagne becomes Holy Roman Emperor
TITLE: Charlemagne becomes king of Franks
TITLE: Charlemagne dies
TITLE: Charles Bronson dies
TITLE: Charles Bukowski dies
TITLE: Charles Darwin dies
TITLE: Charles Dickens dies
TITLE: Charles I of Austria dies
TITLE: Charles I of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Charles I of England becomes king of Scotland
TITLE: Charles I of England dies
TITLE: Charles II of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Charles II of England becomes king of Scotland
TITLE: Charles II of England dies
TITLE: Charles II of Spain becomes King of Castile and Leon
TITLE: Charles II of Spain becomes king of Spain
TITLE: Charles II of Spain becomes king of the Crown of Aragon
TITLE: Charles III becomes king of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Charles Lindbergh dies
TITLE: Charles Manson dies
TITLE: Charles V becomes Holy Roman Emperor
TITLE: Charles V becomes King of Castile and Leon
TITLE: Charles V becomes king of Spain
TITLE: Charles V becomes king of the Crown of Aragon
TITLE: Charles V dies
TITLE: Charles de Gaulle becomes president of France
TITLE: Charles de Gaulle dies
TITLE: Charlie Chaplin dies
TITLE: Charlotte Brontë dies
TITLE: Charlotte Hornets is founded
TITLE: Charlton Heston dies
TITLE: Che Guevara dies
TITLE: Chelsea F.C. is founded
TITLE: Chengdu J-10 first flies
TITLE: Chengdu J-7 first flies
TITLE: Chester A. Arthur becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Chester A. Arthur dies
TITLE: Chester Bennington dies
TITLE: Chevrolet Impala debuts
TITLE: Chevrolet is founded
TITLE: Chicago Bears is founded
TITLE: Chicago Bulls is founded
TITLE: Chichen Itza is completed
TITLE: Chris Cornell dies
TITLE: Christ the Redeemer is created
TITLE: Christopher Columbus dies
TITLE: Christopher Lee dies
TITLE: Christopher Plummer dies
TITLE: Chuck Berry dies
TITLE: Chuck Norris dies
TITLE: Church of the Holy Sepulchre is completed
TITLE: Cicero dies
TITLE: Clark Gable dies
TITLE: Claude Monet dies
TITLE: Claude Shannon dies
TITLE: Claudia Sheinbaum becomes president of Mexico
TITLE: Cleopatra becomes pharaoh
TITLE: Cleopatra dies
TITLE: Club Atlético River Plate is founded
TITLE: Clube de Regatas do Flamengo is founded
TITLE: Cnut the Great dies
TITLE: Coca-Cola is founded
TITLE: Coca-Cola launches
TITLE: Cold War begins
TITLE: Cologne Cathedral is completed
TITLE: Colosseum is completed
TITLE: Commodus becomes Roman emperor
TITLE: Computer dates to
TITLE: Computer is invented
TITLE: Confucius dies
TITLE: Constantine the Great becomes Roman emperor
TITLE: Crusades begins
TITLE: Crystal Palace F.C. is founded
TITLE: Cuban Revolution begins
TITLE: Cultural Revolution begins
TITLE: Cyrus the Great dies
TITLE: Dallas Cowboys is founded
TITLE: Dallas Mavericks is founded
TITLE: Dante Alighieri dies
TITLE: Darius I dies
TITLE: Darth Vader first appears
TITLE: Dassault Rafale first flies
TITLE: David Ben-Gurion becomes prime minister of Israel
TITLE: David Bowie dies
TITLE: David Cameron becomes prime minister of the United Kingdom
TITLE: David Crosby dies
TITLE: David Lynch dies
TITLE: David Rockefeller dies
TITLE: David is created
TITLE: Davy Crockett dies
TITLE: De Havilland Canada DHC-8 first flies
TITLE: Dean Martin dies
TITLE: Delta Air Lines is founded
TITLE: Dennis Hopper dies
TITLE: Detroit Pistons is founded
TITLE: Diego Maradona dies
TITLE: Diocletian dies
TITLE: Diogo Jota dies
TITLE: Doctor Doom first appears
TITLE: Dome of the Rock is completed
TITLE: Donald Rumsfeld dies
TITLE: Donald Trump becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Donna Summer dies
TITLE: Doris Day dies
TITLE: Douglas MacArthur dies
TITLE: Dr Pepper is founded
TITLE: Dramaten invigs
TITLE: Drottningholms slottsteater invigs
TITLE: Dwight D. Eisenhower becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Dwight D. Eisenhower dies
TITLE: Dynamiten patenteras
TITLE: E-4 Advanced Airborne Command Post first flies
TITLE: E-Jet first flies
TITLE: Edgar Allan Poe dies
TITLE: Edward I of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Edward I of England dies
TITLE: Edward II of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Edward II of England dies
TITLE: Edward III of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Edward III of England dies
TITLE: Edward IV of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Edward IV of England dies
TITLE: Edward Teller dies
TITLE: Edward VI of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Edward VI of England dies
TITLE: Edward VII becomes king of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
TITLE: Edward VII dies
TITLE: Edward VIII becomes king of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Edward VIII dies
TITLE: Egyptian Museum opens
TITLE: Ehud Barak becomes prime minister of Israel
TITLE: Eli Wallach dies
TITLE: Elijah Muhammad dies
TITLE: Elizabeth I of England becomes queen of England
TITLE: Elizabeth II becomes queen of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Elizabeth II dies
TITLE: Elizabeth Taylor dies
TITLE: Ella Fitzgerald dies
TITLE: Emily Brontë dies
TITLE: Emirates is founded
TITLE: Emmanuel Macron becomes president of France
TITLE: Emperor Meiji dies
TITLE: Empress Elisabeth of Austria dies
TITLE: Ernest Borgnine dies
TITLE: Ernest Hemingway dies
TITLE: Ernest Hemingway wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Ernest Shackleton dies
TITLE: Ernst Röhm dies
TITLE: Erwin Rommel dies
TITLE: Estadio Banorte opens
TITLE: Estrid Ericson grundar Svenskt Tenn
TITLE: Etihad Airways is founded
TITLE: Eurofighter Typhoon first flies
TITLE: Everton F.C. is founded
TITLE: ExxonMobil is founded
TITLE: F. Scott Fitzgerald dies
TITLE: FC Bayern Munich is founded
TITLE: FC Porto is founded
TITLE: Fahd bin Abdulaziz Al Saud dies
TITLE: Fairchild Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II first flies
TITLE: Fattah-1 enters service
TITLE: Felipe VI of Spain becomes king of Spain
TITLE: Felix Baumgartner dies
TITLE: Fenerbahçe Istanbul is founded
TITLE: Ferdinand Magellan dies
TITLE: Ferrari is founded
TITLE: Feyenoord Rotterdam is founded
TITLE: Fidel Castro dies
TITLE: Forbidden City is completed
TITLE: Francis Bacon dies
TITLE: Francisco Franco dies
TITLE: Francisco Goya dies
TITLE: Frank Lloyd Wright dies
TITLE: Frank Sinatra dies
TITLE: Frank Zappa dies
TITLE: Franklin Delano Roosevelt becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Franklin Delano Roosevelt dies
TITLE: Franklin Pierce dies
TITLE: Franz Joseph I of Austria becomes Apostolic King of Hungary
TITLE: Franz Joseph I of Austria becomes King of Bohemia
TITLE: Franz Joseph I of Austria dies
TITLE: Franz Kafka dies
TITLE: Franz Liszt dies
TITLE: Fred Astaire dies
TITLE: Freddie Mercury dies
TITLE: Frederick II of Prussia dies
TITLE: French Revolution begins
TITLE: Frida Kahlo dies
TITLE: Friedrich Merz becomes chancellor of Germany
TITLE: Friedrich Nietzsche dies
TITLE: Frédéric Chopin dies
TITLE: Fulham F.C. is founded
TITLE: Full-scale Russo-Ukrainian war begins
TITLE: Futurism movement begins
TITLE: Fyodor Dostoyevsky dies
TITLE: G. K. Chesterton dies
TITLE: GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb enters service
TITLE: GBU-57A/B MOP enters service
TITLE: Gabriel García Márquez dies
TITLE: Gabriel García Márquez wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Galatasaray S.K. is founded
TITLE: Gamal Abdel Nasser dies
TITLE: Gary Cooper dies
TITLE: Gavrilo Princip dies
TITLE: Gaza war begins
TITLE: Gene Hackman dies
TITLE: Gene Wilder dies
TITLE: General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon first flies
TITLE: Genghis Khan dies
TITLE: Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel dies
TITLE: George Bernard Shaw wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: George Best dies
TITLE: George Carlin dies
TITLE: George Eliot dies
TITLE: George Floyd dies
TITLE: George Foreman dies
TITLE: George H. W. Bush becomes president of the United States
TITLE: George H. W. Bush dies
TITLE: George Harrison dies
TITLE: George I of Great Britain becomes King of Great Britain
TITLE: George II of Great Britain becomes King of Great Britain
TITLE: George II of Great Britain dies
TITLE: George III of Great Britain becomes King of Great Britain
TITLE: George III of Great Britain dies
TITLE: George Martin dies
TITLE: George Michael dies
TITLE: George Orwell dies
TITLE: George V becomes king of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
TITLE: George V dies
TITLE: George VI becomes king of the United Kingdom
TITLE: George VI dies
TITLE: George W. Bush becomes president of the United States
TITLE: George Washington becomes president of the United States
TITLE: George Washington dies
TITLE: Georgia O'Keeffe dies
TITLE: Georgy Zhukov dies
TITLE: Gerald Ford becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Gerald Ford dies
TITLE: Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette dies
TITLE: Gina Dirawi leder Melodifestivalen
TITLE: Giorgia Meloni becomes prime minister of Italy
TITLE: Glock enters service
TITLE: Glorious Revolution begins
TITLE: Go is created
TITLE: Golda Meir becomes prime minister of Israel
TITLE: Golden State Warriors is founded
TITLE: Google Chrome is released
TITLE: Google Play is founded
TITLE: Green Bay Packers is founded
TITLE: Gregory Peck dies
TITLE: Grover Cleveland becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Grover Cleveland dies
TITLE: Grumman F-14 Tomcat first flies
TITLE: Guinness is founded
TITLE: Guinness launches
TITLE: Gulf War begins
TITLE: Göbekli Tepe is completed
TITLE: H. G. Wells dies
TITLE: Hagia Sophia is completed
TITLE: Haile Selassie I becomes Emperor of Ethiopia
TITLE: Haile Selassie I dies
TITLE: Haitian Revolution begins
TITLE: Hamburger SV is founded
TITLE: Hans Christian Andersen dies
TITLE: Harley Quinn first appears
TITLE: Harold Wilson becomes prime minister of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Harper Lee dies
TITLE: Harry Houdini dies
TITLE: Harry S. Truman becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Harry S. Truman dies
TITLE: Hasan ibn Ali dies
TITLE: Heath Ledger dies
TITLE: Hedy Lamarr dies
TITLE: Henry David Thoreau dies
TITLE: Henry Fonda dies
TITLE: Henry Ford dies
TITLE: Henry II of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Henry II of England dies
TITLE: Henry III of England dies
TITLE: Henry IV of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Henry IV of France dies
TITLE: Henry Kissinger wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Henry V of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Henry VI of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Henry VI of England dies
TITLE: Henry VII of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Henry VII of England dies
TITLE: Henry VIII of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Henry VIII of England dies
TITLE: Herbert Hoover becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Herbert Hoover dies
TITLE: Hernán Cortés dies
TITLE: Heron-1 first flies
TITLE: Hideki Tojo dies
TITLE: Hildegard of Bingen dies
TITLE: Hirohito becomes Emperor of Japan
TITLE: Hirohito dies
TITLE: Holy Roman Empire is established
TITLE: Howard Hughes dies
TITLE: Hughes AH-64 Apache first flies
TITLE: Hugo Chávez dies
TITLE: Hulk first appears
TITLE: Humphrey Bogart dies
TITLE: Hussein I of Jordan dies
TITLE: Hyundai Motor Company is founded
TITLE: IOS is released
TITLE: Ibn Saud becomes King of Saudi Arabia
TITLE: Ibn Saud dies
TITLE: Idi Amin dies
TITLE: Ilia II of Georgia dies
TITLE: Immanuel Kant dies
TITLE: IndiGo is founded
TITLE: Indian Institutes of Technology is founded
TITLE: Indira Gandhi becomes prime minister of India
TITLE: Indira Gandhi dies
TITLE: Ingmar Bergman dies
TITLE: Inter Milan is founded
TITLE: Introduction of Cyrillic script
TITLE: Introduction of Devanagari
TITLE: Introduction of Egyptian hieroglyphs
TITLE: Introduction of Hangul
TITLE: Introduction of Morse code
TITLE: Introduction of cuneiform
TITLE: Iranian Revolution begins
TITLE: Iran–Iraq War begins
TITLE: Iran–Israel proxy conflict begins
TITLE: Iraq War begins
TITLE: Isaac Asimov dies
TITLE: Isaac Newton dies
TITLE: Isoroku Yamamoto dies
TITLE: Israel Kamakawiwoʻole dies
TITLE: J. Edgar Hoover dies
TITLE: J. R. R. Tolkien dies
TITLE: Jacinda Ardern becomes prime minister of New Zealand
TITLE: Jack Lemmon dies
TITLE: Jackson Pollock dies
TITLE: Jair Bolsonaro becomes president of Brazil
TITLE: James A. Garfield becomes president of the United States
TITLE: James A. Garfield dies
TITLE: James Brown dies
TITLE: James Buchanan becomes president of the United States
TITLE: James Buchanan dies
TITLE: James Cook dies
TITLE: James Dean dies
TITLE: James Gandolfini dies
TITLE: James II of England becomes king of England
TITLE: James II of England becomes king of Scotland
TITLE: James II of England dies
TITLE: James Joyce dies
TITLE: James K. Polk dies
TITLE: James Madison becomes president of the United States
TITLE: James Madison dies
TITLE: James Monroe dies
TITLE: James Stewart dies
TITLE: James VI and I becomes king of England
TITLE: James VI and I becomes king of Scotland
TITLE: James VI and I dies
TITLE: Jane Austen dies
TITLE: Janis Joplin dies
TITLE: Java is created
TITLE: Jawaharlal Nehru becomes prime minister of India
TITLE: Jawaharlal Nehru dies
TITLE: Jean-Jacques Rousseau dies
TITLE: Jean-Michel Basquiat dies
TITLE: Jean-Paul Sartre dies
TITLE: Jean-Paul Sartre wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Jefferson Davis dies
TITLE: Jerry West dies
TITLE: Jesse Jackson dies
TITLE: Jesus Christ dies
TITLE: Jim Morrison dies
TITLE: Jimi Hendrix dies
TITLE: Jimmy Carter becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Jimmy Carter dies
TITLE: Jimmy Carter wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Joan Crawford dies
TITLE: Joan of Arc dies
TITLE: Joe Biden becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Johan Cruyff dies
TITLE: Johan Petter Johansson uppfinner skiftnyckeln
TITLE: Johann Sebastian Bach dies
TITLE: Johann Wolfgang von Goethe dies
TITLE: John Adams becomes president of the United States
TITLE: John Adams dies
TITLE: John Belushi dies
TITLE: John F. Kennedy becomes president of the United States
TITLE: John F. Kennedy dies
TITLE: John Glenn dies
TITLE: John Hurt dies
TITLE: John Lennon dies
TITLE: John Locke dies
TITLE: John Maynard Keynes dies
TITLE: John Paul II dies
TITLE: John Quincy Adams becomes president of the United States
TITLE: John Quincy Adams dies
TITLE: John Steinbeck dies
TITLE: John Steinbeck wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: John Tyler dies
TITLE: John Wayne dies
TITLE: John, King of England becomes king of England
TITLE: John, King of England dies
TITLE: Johnny Cash dies
TITLE: Joseph Goebbels becomes chancellor of Germany
TITLE: Joseph McCarthy dies
TITLE: Joseph Stalin dies
TITLE: Josephine Baker dies
TITLE: Josip Broz Tito dies
TITLE: Juan Carlos I of Spain becomes king of Spain
TITLE: Juan Perón dies
TITLE: Judy Garland dies
TITLE: Jules Verne dies
TITLE: Julius Caesar dies
TITLE: Justin Trudeau becomes prime minister of Canada
TITLE: Juventus FC is founded
TITLE: Jägermeister is founded
TITLE: KC-46 Pegasus first flies
TITLE: KFC is founded
TITLE: Kansas City Chiefs is founded
TITLE: Karl Dönitz dies
TITLE: Karl Marx dies
TITLE: Katharine Hepburn dies
TITLE: Katyn massacre takes place
TITLE: Keir Starmer becomes prime minister of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Khalid of Saudi Arabia dies
TITLE: King Faisal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud becomes King of Saudi Arabia
TITLE: King Faisal bin Abdulaziz Al Saud dies
TITLE: Kirk Douglas dies
TITLE: Kiruna kyrka invigs
TITLE: Kobe Bryant dies
TITLE: Korea Aerospace Industries KF-21 Boramae first flies
TITLE: Korea Aerospace Industries T-50 Golden Eagle first flies
TITLE: Korean War begins
TITLE: Kristallnacht
TITLE: Kurt Cobain dies
TITLE: L. Ron Hubbard dies
TITLE: Labubu is founded
TITLE: Lady Jane Grey becomes queen of England
TITLE: Laozi dies
TITLE: Las Vegas Raiders is founded
TITLE: Lauren Bacall dies
TITLE: Laurence Olivier dies
TITLE: Lee Kuan Yew dies
TITLE: Lee Marvin dies
TITLE: Leeds United F.C. is founded
TITLE: Leicester City F.C. is founded
TITLE: Leif Erikson dies
TITLE: Leo Tolstoy dies
TITLE: Leon Trotsky dies
TITLE: Leonard Bernstein dies
TITLE: Leonard Cohen dies
TITLE: Leonard Nimoy dies
TITLE: Leonardo da Vinci dies
TITLE: Leonhard Euler dies
TITLE: Leopold II of Belgium becomes King of the Belgians
TITLE: Leopold II of Belgium dies
TITLE: Leslie Nielsen dies
TITLE: Lewis Carroll dies
TITLE: Little Richard dies
TITLE: Liverpool F.C. is founded
TITLE: Liz Truss becomes prime minister of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Lockheed C-5 Galaxy first flies
TITLE: Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor first flies
TITLE: Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II first flies
TITLE: Lockheed SR-71 Blackbird first flies
TITLE: Lockheed U-2 first flies
TITLE: Lord Byron dies
TITLE: Los Angeles Clippers is founded
TITLE: Los Angeles Dodgers is founded
TITLE: Los Angeles Lakers is founded
TITLE: Lou Reed dies
TITLE: Louis Armstrong dies
TITLE: Louis XIV of France becomes King of France and Navarre
TITLE: Louis XIV of France dies
TITLE: Louis XV of France dies
TITLE: Louis XVI of France becomes King of France and Navarre
TITLE: Louis XVI of France dies
TITLE: Louvre Museum opens
TITLE: Ludwig Wittgenstein dies
TITLE: Ludwig van Beethoven dies
TITLE: Lufthansa is founded
TITLE: Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva becomes president of Brazil
TITLE: Lyndon B. Johnson becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Lyndon B. Johnson dies
TITLE: M1 Abrams enters service
TITLE: M16 enters service
TITLE: M4 enters service
TITLE: MacOS is released
TITLE: Machu Picchu is completed
TITLE: Maggie Smith dies
TITLE: Mahatma Gandhi dies
TITLE: Mahsa Amini protests
TITLE: Malala Yousafzai wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Malcolm X dies
TITLE: Manchester City F.C. is founded
TITLE: Manchester United F.C. is founded
TITLE: Manfred von Richthofen dies
TITLE: Manmohan Singh becomes prime minister of India
TITLE: Mao Zedong dies
TITLE: Marco Polo dies
TITLE: Marcus Aurelius becomes Roman emperor
TITLE: Marcus Aurelius dies
TITLE: Margaret Thatcher becomes prime minister of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Margaret Thatcher dies
TITLE: Maria Meneghini Callas dies
TITLE: Maria Theresa of Austria becomes Apostolic Queen of Hungary
TITLE: Maria Theresa of Austria becomes Queen of Bohemia
TITLE: Maria Theresa of Austria dies
TITLE: Marie Curie wins the Nobel Prize in Chemistry
TITLE: Marie Curie wins the Nobel Prize in Physics
TITLE: Marilyn Monroe dies
TITLE: Mario first appears
TITLE: Mark 48 torpedo enters service
TITLE: Mark Carney becomes prime minister of Canada
TITLE: Mark Twain dies
TITLE: Marlon Brando dies
TITLE: Martin Heidegger dies
TITLE: Martin Luther King Jr. dies
TITLE: Martin Luther King Jr. wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Martin Luther dies
TITLE: Martin Van Buren becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Martin Van Buren dies
TITLE: Mary I becomes queen of England
TITLE: Mary II of England dies
TITLE: Mary Wollstonecraft dies
TITLE: Mary, Queen of Scots becomes queen of Scotland
TITLE: Maximilien Robespierre dies
TITLE: Maya Angelou dies
TITLE: Mazda is founded
TITLE: McDonald's is founded
TITLE: McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle first flies
TITLE: McDonnell Douglas F-15E Strike Eagle first flies
TITLE: McDonnell Douglas F-4 Phantom II first flies
TITLE: McDonnell Douglas F/A-18 Hornet first flies
TITLE: Mehmed II becomes sultan of the Ottoman Empire
TITLE: Mehmed II dies
TITLE: Mercator projection dates to
TITLE: Mercedes-Benz is founded
TITLE: Mexican Revolution begins
TITLE: Miami Marlins is founded
TITLE: Michael Clarke Duncan dies
TITLE: Michael Collins dies
TITLE: Michael Crichton dies
TITLE: Michael Jackson dies
TITLE: Michelangelo dies
TITLE: Mikhail Gorbachev wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Mikoyan MiG-29 first flies
TITLE: Mikoyan MiG-31 first flies
TITLE: Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-21 first flies
TITLE: Mil Mi-17 first flies
TITLE: Mil Mi-24 first flies
TITLE: Miles Davis dies
TITLE: Millard Fillmore dies
TITLE: Miyamoto Musashi dies
TITLE: Mohammad Reza I of Iran becomes shah
TITLE: Mohammad Reza I of Iran dies
TITLE: Mohammed Rafi dies
TITLE: Monster Energy is founded
TITLE: Monster Energy launches
TITLE: Montreal Canadiens is founded
TITLE: Morarji Desai becomes prime minister of India
TITLE: Mother Teresa wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Muammar Gaddafi dies
TITLE: Muhammad Ali dies
TITLE: Mustafa Kemal Atatürk dies
TITLE: My Lai Massacre takes place
TITLE: Nader Shah dies
TITLE: Naftali Bennett becomes prime minister of Israel
TITLE: Nanjing Massacre takes place
TITLE: Napoleon III becomes president of France
TITLE: Napoleon dies
TITLE: Narendra Modi becomes prime minister of India
TITLE: Naruhito becomes Emperor of Japan
TITLE: Nat King Cole dies
TITLE: Nazi Germany is established
TITLE: Nebuchadnezzar II becomes King of Babylon
TITLE: Nebuchadnezzar II dies
TITLE: Nelson Mandela wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Nero becomes Roman emperor
TITLE: Nero dies
TITLE: Neuschwanstein Castle is completed
TITLE: Neville Chamberlain becomes prime minister of the United Kingdom
TITLE: New England Patriots is founded
TITLE: New York Giants is founded
TITLE: New York Jets is founded
TITLE: New York Knicks is founded
TITLE: New York Mets is founded
TITLE: New York Yankees is founded
TITLE: Newcastle United F.C. is founded
TITLE: Niccolò Machiavelli dies
TITLE: Nicholas I of Russia dies
TITLE: Nicholas II of Russia becomes Emperor of all the Russias
TITLE: Nicholas II of Russia becomes King of Poland
TITLE: Nicholas II of Russia dies
TITLE: Nicolaus Copernicus dies
TITLE: Nikita Khrushchev dies
TITLE: Nikola Tesla dies
TITLE: Nissan is founded
TITLE: North American P-51 Mustang first flies
TITLE: Northrop B-2 Spirit first flies
TITLE: Northrop F-5 first flies
TITLE: Northrop Grumman B-21 Raider first flies
TITLE: Northrop T-38 Talon first flies
TITLE: Nottingham Forest F.C. is founded
TITLE: O. J. Simpson dies
TITLE: October Revolution begins
TITLE: Oklahoma City Thunder is founded
TITLE: Olympique Lyonnais is founded
TITLE: Olympique de Marseille is founded
TITLE: Orson Welles dies
TITLE: Oscar Wilde dies
TITLE: Otto von Bismarck dies
TITLE: Ottoman Empire is established
TITLE: Ozzy Osbourne dies
TITLE: PSV Eindhoven is founded
TITLE: Pablo Picasso dies
TITLE: Pahlavi dynasty begins
TITLE: Palace of Versailles is completed
TITLE: Pan Am is founded
TITLE: Panavia Tornado first flies
TITLE: Paris Saint-Germain FC is founded
TITLE: Patrice Lumumba dies
TITLE: Paul Allen dies
TITLE: Paul Newman dies
TITLE: Paul Walker dies
TITLE: Paul the Apostle dies
TITLE: Pedro Sánchez becomes prime minister of Spain
TITLE: Pelé dies
TITLE: Pepsi is founded
TITLE: Percy Bysshe Shelley dies
TITLE: Persepolis is completed
TITLE: Peter III of Russia becomes Emperor of all the Russias
TITLE: Peter III of Russia dies
TITLE: Peter O'Toole dies
TITLE: Peter Sellers dies
TITLE: Peter the Great becomes Emperor of all the Russias
TITLE: Peter the Great dies
TITLE: Petra is completed
TITLE: Phalanx CIWS Km1992//0.33149874000/0482492-2 enters service
TITLE: Philadelphia Eagles is founded
TITLE: Philip II of Spain becomes King of Castile and Leon
TITLE: Philip II of Spain becomes King of Portugal
TITLE: Philip II of Spain becomes king of Spain
TITLE: Philip II of Spain becomes king of the Crown of Aragon
TITLE: Philip Seymour Hoffman dies
TITLE: Philippe Pétain dies
TITLE: Photography is invented
TITLE: Pier Paolo Pasolini dies
TITLE: Pietà (Michelangelo) is created
TITLE: Pikachu first appears
TITLE: Plato dies
TITLE: Pol Pot dies
TITLE: Pompeii is completed
TITLE: Pope Francis dies
TITLE: Popeye first appears
TITLE: Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha dies
TITLE: Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh dies
TITLE: Prince dies
TITLE: Princess Leia first appears
TITLE: Professor Moriarty first appears
TITLE: Puyi becomes Emperor of China
TITLE: Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky dies
TITLE: Pythagoras dies
TITLE: Python is created
TITLE: Qatar Airways is founded
TITLE: Qin Shi Huang becomes Emperor of China
TITLE: Qin Shi Huang dies
TITLE: R is created
TITLE: Rabindranath Tagore dies
TITLE: Rabindranath Tagore wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Rajiv Gandhi becomes prime minister of India
TITLE: Ralph Waldo Emerson dies
TITLE: Ramesses II becomes pharaoh
TITLE: Ramesses II dies
TITLE: Rangers F.C. is founded
TITLE: Raphael dies
TITLE: Ravi Shankar dies
TITLE: Ray Charles dies
TITLE: Real Betis Balompié is founded
TITLE: Real Madrid Club de Fútbol is founded
TITLE: Real Sociedad is founded
TITLE: Red Bull is founded
TITLE: Red Bull launches
TITLE: Regeringsformen antas
TITLE: Rembrandt dies
TITLE: Renaissance movement begins
TITLE: René Descartes dies
TITLE: Reza Shah becomes shah
TITLE: Richard Feynman dies
TITLE: Richard Feynman wins the Nobel Prize in Physics
TITLE: Richard I of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Richard I of England dies
TITLE: Richard III of England becomes king of England
TITLE: Richard III of England dies
TITLE: Richard Nixon becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Richard Nixon dies
TITLE: Richard Wagner dies
TITLE: Rishi Sunak becomes prime minister of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Rita Hayworth dies
TITLE: River Phoenix dies
TITLE: Robert Duvall dies
TITLE: Robert E. Lee dies
TITLE: Robert F. Kennedy dies
TITLE: Robert Hooke dies
TITLE: Robert I of Scotland becomes king of Scotland
TITLE: Robert Louis Stevenson dies
TITLE: Robert Mitchum dies
TITLE: Robert Oppenheimer dies
TITLE: Robert Redford dies
TITLE: Robin Williams dies
TITLE: Rock and Roll Hall of Fame opens
TITLE: Rockwell B-1 Lancer first flies
TITLE: Roger Moore dies
TITLE: Roman Empire is established
TITLE: Romanticism movement begins
TITLE: Ronald Reagan becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Ronald Reagan dies
TITLE: Rosa Luxemburg dies
TITLE: Roy Scheider dies
TITLE: Rubik's Cube is founded
TITLE: Rudyard Kipling dies
TITLE: Rudyard Kipling wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Ruhollah Khomeini dies
TITLE: Rumi dies
TITLE: Russo-Ukrainian war begins
TITLE: Rutherford B. Hayes dies
TITLE: Ryanair is founded
TITLE: S.L. Benfica is founded
TITLE: SS Lazio is founded
TITLE: SSC Napoli is founded
TITLE: Sacagawea dies
TITLE: Saddam Hussein dies
TITLE: Saladin becomes Ayyubid sultan
TITLE: Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud becomes King of Saudi Arabia
TITLE: Salvador Dalí dies
TITLE: Sam Shepard dies
TITLE: Samuel Beckett dies
TITLE: Samuel Beckett wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: San Antonio Spurs is founded
TITLE: San Francisco 49ers is founded
TITLE: San Francisco Giants is founded
TITLE: San Jose Sharks is founded
TITLE: Sanae Takaichi becomes prime minister of Japan
TITLE: Santos F.C. is founded
TITLE: Sasanian Empire is established
TITLE: Sathya Sai Baba dies
TITLE: Satyajit Ray dies
TITLE: Saud of Saudi Arabia dies
TITLE: Saudi Aramco is founded
TITLE: Schalke 04 is founded
TITLE: Scratch is created
TITLE: Sean Connery dies
TITLE: Seattle Seahawks is founded
TITLE: Selena dies
TITLE: Serge Gainsbourg dies
TITLE: Severus Snape first appears
TITLE: Sevilla FC is founded
TITLE: Shah Jahan dies
TITLE: Shell is founded
TITLE: Shelley Duvall dies
TITLE: Shimon Peres becomes prime minister of Israel
TITLE: Shimon Peres wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Shinzō Abe becomes prime minister of Japan
TITLE: Shirley Temple dies
TITLE: Sid Vicious dies
TITLE: Sidney Poitier dies
TITLE: Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk first flies
TITLE: Simone de Beauvoir dies
TITLE: Simón Bolívar dies
TITLE: Six-Day War begins
TITLE: Socrates dies
TITLE: Sony Group is founded
TITLE: Southampton F.C. is founded
TITLE: Southwest Airlines is founded
TITLE: Soviet Union is established
TITLE: Spider-Man first appears
TITLE: Sporting CP is founded
TITLE: Starbucks is founded
TITLE: Statue of Liberty is created
TITLE: Statue of Unity is created
TITLE: Stephen Hawking dies
TITLE: Steve Irwin dies
TITLE: Steve Jobs dies
TITLE: Stockholms stadion invigs
TITLE: Stonehenge is completed
TITLE: Stonewall riots
TITLE: Stuart Sutcliffe dies
TITLE: Subhas Chandra Bose dies
TITLE: Sudanese civil war begins
TITLE: Suez Crisis begins
TITLE: Sukhoi Su-17 first flies
TITLE: Sukhoi Su-24 first flies
TITLE: Sukhoi Su-27 first flies
TITLE: Sukhoi Su-35 first flies
TITLE: Sukhoi Su-57 first flies
TITLE: Suleiman the Magnificent becomes sultan of the Ottoman Empire
TITLE: Sun Yat-sen dies
TITLE: Sunderland A.F.C. is founded
TITLE: Superman first appears
TITLE: Supermarine Spitfire first flies
TITLE: Svenska Akademien instiftas
TITLE: Swami Vivekananda dies
TITLE: Syrian Civil War begins
TITLE: Søren Kierkegaard dies
TITLE: T. E. Lawrence dies
TITLE: T. S. Eliot wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Tampa Bay Buccaneers is founded
TITLE: Target Corporation is founded
TITLE: Tejas first flies
TITLE: TempleOS is released
TITLE: Tennessee Titans is founded
TITLE: Tenzin Gyatso wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Terracotta Army is completed
TITLE: The Buddha dies
TITLE: The Great Sphinx is completed
TITLE: The Home Depot is founded
TITLE: Theodore Roosevelt becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Theodore Roosevelt dies
TITLE: Theodore Roosevelt wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Thomas Aquinas dies
TITLE: Thomas Edison dies
TITLE: Thomas Jefferson becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Thomas Jefferson dies
TITLE: Thomas More dies
TITLE: Thomas Sankara dies
TITLE: Tiberius becomes Roman emperor
TITLE: Tina Turner dies
TITLE: Toni Morrison dies
TITLE: Toni Morrison wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Tony Blair becomes prime minister of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Tony Curtis dies
TITLE: Toronto Blue Jays is founded
TITLE: Toronto Maple Leafs is founded
TITLE: Tottenham Hotspur F.C. is founded
TITLE: Tottenham Hotspur Stadium opens
TITLE: Tower of London is completed
TITLE: Toyota is founded
TITLE: Trajan dies
TITLE: Truman Capote dies
TITLE: Tupac Shakur dies
TITLE: TutanKhamun becomes pharaoh
TITLE: Twelve-Day War begins
TITLE: U.S. Bank Tower is completed
TITLE: UNIQLO is founded
TITLE: Ulysses S. Grant becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Ulysses S. Grant dies
TITLE: Umar ibn Al-Khattāb dies
TITLE: United Airlines is founded
TITLE: Uppsala domkyrka invigs
TITLE: Utah Mammoth is founded
TITLE: Vajiralongkorn becomes King of Thailand
TITLE: Valencia CF is founded
TITLE: Vasco da Gama dies
TITLE: Vegas Golden Knights is founded
TITLE: Venus de Milo is created
TITLE: Victor Hugo dies
TITLE: Victoria becomes queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
TITLE: Victoria dies
TITLE: Vietnam War begins
TITLE: Villarreal CF is founded
TITLE: Vincent van Gogh dies
TITLE: Virginia Woolf dies
TITLE: Vivien Leigh dies
TITLE: Vladimir Lenin dies
TITLE: Vladimir Nabokov dies
TITLE: Vladimir Putin becomes president of Russia
TITLE: Volkswagen is founded
TITLE: Voltaire dies
TITLE: Volvo Cars is founded
TITLE: Walt Disney dies
TITLE: Walt Whitman dies
TITLE: Walter White first appears
TITLE: Warren G. Harding becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Warren G. Harding dies
TITLE: Washington Wizards is founded
TITLE: Wembley Stadium opens
TITLE: Werner Heisenberg wins the Nobel Prize in Physics
TITLE: Wernher von Braun dies
TITLE: West Bromwich Albion F.C. is founded
TITLE: West Ham United F.C. is founded
TITLE: Western Wall is completed
TITLE: White Revolution begins
TITLE: Whitney Houston dies
TITLE: Wilhelm II becomes King of Prussia
TITLE: Wilhelm II dies
TITLE: Wilhelm Keitel dies
TITLE: William Blake dies
TITLE: William Faulkner dies
TITLE: William Faulkner wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: William Henry Harrison becomes president of the United States
TITLE: William Henry Harrison dies
TITLE: William Holden dies
TITLE: William Howard Taft becomes president of the United States
TITLE: William Howard Taft dies
TITLE: William III of England becomes king of England
TITLE: William III of England becomes king of Scotland
TITLE: William III of England dies
TITLE: William IV becomes king of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland
TITLE: William IV dies
TITLE: William McKinley becomes president of the United States
TITLE: William McKinley dies
TITLE: William Shakespeare dies
TITLE: William Tecumseh Sherman dies
TITLE: William the Conqueror becomes king of England
TITLE: William the Conqueror dies
TITLE: Willis Tower is completed
TITLE: Wilt Chamberlain dies
TITLE: Windows 7 is released
TITLE: Windsor Castle is completed
TITLE: Winston Churchill becomes prime minister of the United Kingdom
TITLE: Winston Churchill wins the Nobel Prize in Literature
TITLE: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart dies
TITLE: Wolverhampton Wanderers F.C. is founded
TITLE: Woodrow Wilson becomes president of the United States
TITLE: Woodrow Wilson dies
TITLE: Woodrow Wilson wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: World War I begins
TITLE: World War II begins
TITLE: XXXX launches
TITLE: Xerxes I dies
TITLE: Yair Lapid becomes prime minister of Israel
TITLE: Yasser Arafat wins the Nobel Peace Prize
TITLE: Yizhak Rabin becomes prime minister of Israel
TITLE: Yizhak Rabin dies
TITLE: Yoda first appears
TITLE: Yom Kippur War begins
TITLE: Yugoslavia is established
TITLE: Yul Brynner dies
TITLE: Yuri Gagarin dies
TITLE: Zachary Taylor dies
TITLE: Zaha Hadid dies
TITLE: Édith Piaf dies
TITLE: ‘10 Things I Hate About You’ is released
TITLE: ‘12 Angry Men’ is released
TITLE: ‘12 Years a Slave’ is released
TITLE: ‘2 Broke Girls’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘24’ Airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘28 Days Later’ is released
TITLE: ‘4Chan’ launches
TITLE: ‘8Chan/kun’ launches
TITLE: ‘9-1-1’ Airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘A Beautiful Mind’ is released
TITLE: ‘A Clockwork Orange’ is released
TITLE: ‘A Few Good Men’ is released
TITLE: ‘A Game of Thrones’ is published
TITLE: ‘A Midsummer Night's Dream’ premieres
TITLE: ‘A Minecraft Movie’ is released
TITLE: ‘A Star Is Born’ is released
TITLE: ‘AOL’ launches
TITLE: ‘Abbey Road’ is released
TITLE: ‘Airbnb’ launches
TITLE: ‘Al Arabiya’ launches
TITLE: ‘Alibaba Group’ launches
TITLE: ‘Alien: Covenant’ is released
TITLE: ‘Alien’ is released
TITLE: ‘Almost Famous’ is released
TITLE: ‘Amadeus’ is released
TITLE: ‘Amazon’ launches
TITLE: ‘American Beauty’ is released
TITLE: ‘American Gangster’ is released
TITLE: ‘American History X’ is released
TITLE: ‘American Horror Story’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘American Idol’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘American Pie’ is released
TITLE: ‘American Psycho’ is released
TITLE: ‘And Then There Were None’ is published
TITLE: ‘Animal Farm’ is published
TITLE: ‘Anna’s Archive’ launches
TITLE: ‘Anne of Green Gables’ is published
TITLE: ‘Anora’ is released
TITLE: ‘Apocalypse Now’ is released
TITLE: ‘Apocalypto’ is released
TITLE: ‘Apple Wallet’ launches
TITLE: ‘Argo’ is released
TITLE: ‘Arrival’ is released
TITLE: ‘Atlas Shrugged’ is published
TITLE: ‘Atonement’ is released
TITLE: ‘Attack on Titan’ is published
TITLE: ‘Avatar: Fire and Ash’ is released
TITLE: ‘Avatar: The Way of Water’ is released
TITLE: ‘Avatar’ is released
TITLE: ‘Avengers: Endgame’ is released
TITLE: ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ is released
TITLE: ‘BBC News’ launches
TITLE: ‘Back to the Future’ is released
TITLE: ‘Band on the Run’ is released
TITLE: ‘Banshee’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Barbie’ is released
TITLE: ‘Barry Lyndon’ is released
TITLE: ‘Batman Begins’ is released
TITLE: ‘Beastars’ begins
TITLE: ‘Ben-Hur’ is released
TITLE: ‘Berserk’ begins
TITLE: ‘Better Call Saul’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Bilibili’ launches
TITLE: ‘Birdman’ is released
TITLE: ‘Black Clover’ begins
TITLE: ‘Black Desert’ releases
TITLE: ‘Black Hawk Down’ is released
TITLE: ‘Black Myth: Wukong’ releases
TITLE: ‘Black Panther: Wakanda Forever’ is released
TITLE: ‘Black Panther’ is released
TITLE: ‘Black Swan’ is released
TITLE: ‘Blade Runner’ is released
TITLE: ‘Blood Sugar Sex Magik’ is released
TITLE: ‘Blue Velvet’ is released
TITLE: ‘Bluesky’ launches
TITLE: ‘Bones’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Boston Globe’ launches
TITLE: ‘Brave New World’ is published
TITLE: ‘Braveheart’ is released
TITLE: ‘Breaking Bad’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Bridgerton’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Brokeback Mountain’ is released
TITLE: ‘Brooklyn Nine-Nine’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Buffy the Vampire Slayer’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘CNN’ launches
TITLE: ‘Cabaret’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Call Her Daddy’ starts
TITLE: ‘Call Me by Your Name’ is released
TITLE: ‘Call of Duty: Modern Warfare’ releases
TITLE: ‘Captain America: Brave New World’ is released
TITLE: ‘Cars’ is released
TITLE: ‘Cartoon Network’ launches
TITLE: ‘Casablanca’ is released
TITLE: ‘Casino Royale’ is released
TITLE: ‘Casino’ is released
TITLE: ‘Cast Away’ is released
TITLE: ‘Catch Me If You Can’ is released
TITLE: ‘Cats’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Chainsaw Man’ begins
TITLE: ‘Channel 4’ launches
TITLE: ‘ChatGPT’ launches
TITLE: ‘Chess’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Chicago Fire’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Chicago’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Children of Dune’ is published
TITLE: ‘Children of Men’ is released
TITLE: ‘Citizen Kane’ is released
TITLE: ‘Crash’ is released
TITLE: ‘Crime and Punishment’ is published
TITLE: ‘Daily Mail’ launches
TITLE: ‘Dailymotion’ launches
TITLE: ‘Dallas Buyers Club’ is released
TITLE: ‘Dandadan’ begins
TITLE: ‘Daredevil: Born Again’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Dead Poets Society’ is released
TITLE: ‘Deadpool & Wolverine’ is released
TITLE: ‘Death Note’ begins
TITLE: ‘Death Stranding 2: On the Beach’ releases
TITLE: ‘Death Stranding’ releases
TITLE: ‘Delicious in Dungeon’ begins
TITLE: ‘Demon Days’ is released
TITLE: ‘Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba’ begins
TITLE: ‘Dexter’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Discord’ launches
TITLE: ‘Disney Channel’ launches
TITLE: ‘Django Unchained’ is released
TITLE: ‘Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?’ is published
TITLE: ‘Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness’ is released
TITLE: ‘Doctor Who’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Dog Day Afternoon’ is released
TITLE: ‘Don Quixote’ is published
TITLE: ‘Don't Look Up’ is released
TITLE: ‘Donnie Darko’ is released
TITLE: ‘Doraemon’ is published
TITLE: ‘Downton Abbey’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Dr. Strangelove’ is released
TITLE: ‘Dracula’ is published
TITLE: ‘Drive’ is released
TITLE: ‘Dune Messiah’ is published
TITLE: ‘Dune: Part Two’ is released
TITLE: ‘Dune’ is published
TITLE: ‘Dune’ is released
TITLE: ‘Dunkirk’ is released
TITLE: ‘E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial’ is released
TITLE: ‘EBay’ launches
TITLE: ‘ER’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Emily in Paris’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘English Wikipedia’ launches
TITLE: ‘Erin Brockovich’ is released
TITLE: ‘Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind’ is released
TITLE: ‘Eternals’ is released
TITLE: ‘Everything Everywhere All at Once’ is released
TITLE: ‘Ex Machina’ is released
TITLE: ‘Facebook’ launches
TITLE: ‘Fallout’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Fallout’ releases
TITLE: ‘Fargo’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Fargo’ is released
TITLE: ‘Fast X’ is released
TITLE: ‘Fatal Frame II: Crimson Butterfly’ releases
TITLE: ‘Fate/stay night’ releases
TITLE: ‘Fight Club’ is released
TITLE: ‘Final Fantasy VII Remake’ releases
TITLE: ‘Final Fantasy VII’ releases
TITLE: ‘Firefly’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Flipkart’ launches
TITLE: ‘Flowers for Algernon’ is published
TITLE: ‘Forbes’ launches
TITLE: ‘Ford v Ferrari’ is released
TITLE: ‘Fox News’ launches
TITLE: ‘France 24’ launches
TITLE: ‘France Musique’ launches
TITLE: ‘Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus’ is published
TITLE: ‘Fresh and Fit Podcast’ starts
TITLE: ‘Friday the 13th’ is released
TITLE: ‘Frieren’ begins
TITLE: ‘Full Metal Jacket’ is released
TITLE: ‘Fullmetal Alchemist’ is published
TITLE: ‘Game of Thrones’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Gangs of New York’ is released
TITLE: ‘Gattaca’ is released
TITLE: ‘Gemini’ launches
TITLE: ‘Genshin Impact’ releases
TITLE: ‘Get Out’ is released
TITLE: ‘Ghost of Tsushima’ releases
TITLE: ‘Ghostbusters’ is released
TITLE: ‘Gilmore Girls’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Girl with a Pearl Earring’ is painted
TITLE: ‘Gladiator II’ is released
TITLE: ‘Gladiator’ is released
TITLE: ‘God Emperor of Dune’ is published
TITLE: ‘God of War Ragnarök’ releases
TITLE: ‘Godzilla’ is released
TITLE: ‘Gone Girl’ is released
TITLE: ‘Gone with the Wind’ is released
TITLE: ‘Good Will Hunting’ is released
TITLE: ‘Goodfellas’ is released
TITLE: ‘Google Classroom’ launches
TITLE: ‘Google Docs’ launches
TITLE: ‘Google Play’ launches
TITLE: ‘Google Scholar’ launches
TITLE: ‘Google Translate’ launches
TITLE: ‘Gorillaz’ is released
TITLE: ‘Grand Theft Auto IV’ releases
TITLE: ‘Grease’ is released
TITLE: ‘Green Book’ is released
TITLE: ‘Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3’ is released
TITLE: ‘Guardians of the Galaxy’ is released
TITLE: ‘Guernica’ is painted
TITLE: ‘HBO Max’ launches
TITLE: ‘HBO’ launches
TITLE: ‘Hacksaw Ridge’ is released
TITLE: ‘Hades’ releases
TITLE: ‘Hamilton’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Hamlet’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Hannah Montana’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Happy Birthday to You’ dates to
TITLE: ‘Harry Potter and the Cursed Child’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone’ is published
TITLE: ‘Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone’ is released
TITLE: ‘Harry Potter’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Harry's House’ is released
TITLE: ‘Heated Rivalry’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Heat’ is released
TITLE: ‘Hidden Figures’ is released
TITLE: ‘Highlander’ is released
TITLE: ‘Hollow Knight’ releases
TITLE: ‘Homeland’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘House of Cards’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘House of the Dragon’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘How I Met Your Mother’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Hulu’ launches
TITLE: ‘Hunter × Hunter’ begins
TITLE: ‘I Am Legend’ is published
TITLE: ‘I Am Legend’ is released
TITLE: ‘I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream’ is published
TITLE: ‘I Know What You Did Last Summer’ is released
TITLE: ‘I, Robot’ is released
TITLE: ‘IMDb’ launches
TITLE: ‘Inception’ is released
TITLE: ‘Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny’ is released
TITLE: ‘Inferno’ is published
TITLE: ‘Inglourious Basterds’ is released
TITLE: ‘Instagram’ launches
TITLE: ‘Internet Archive’ launches
TITLE: ‘Interstellar’ is released
TITLE: ‘Iron Man 2’ is released
TITLE: ‘Iron Man’ is released
TITLE: ‘It Takes Two’ releases
TITLE: ‘It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘It’ is released
TITLE: ‘Jane Eyre’ is published
TITLE: ‘Jaws’ is released
TITLE: ‘Jesus Christ Superstar’ premieres
TITLE: ‘John Wick: Chapter 4’ is released
TITLE: ‘John Wick’ is released
TITLE: ‘Jojo Rabbit’ is released
TITLE: ‘Joker’ is released
TITLE: ‘Journey to the West’ is published
TITLE: ‘Jujutsu Kaisen’ begins
TITLE: ‘Jumanji: The Next Level’ is released
TITLE: ‘Jurassic Park’ is released
TITLE: ‘Jurassic World Dominion’ is released
TITLE: ‘Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom’ is released
TITLE: ‘Jurassic World’ is released
TITLE: ‘Kill Bill: Volume 1’ is released
TITLE: ‘King Lear’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Kingdom of Heaven’ is released
TITLE: ‘Knives Out’ is released
TITLE: ‘Kramer vs. Kramer’ is released
TITLE: ‘L.A. Confidential’ is released
TITLE: ‘La La Land’ is released
TITLE: ‘Lady Bird’ is released
TITLE: ‘Lawrence of Arabia’ is released
TITLE: ‘Les Misérables’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Let It Be’ is released
TITLE: ‘Library Genesis’ launches
TITLE: ‘Life of Pi’ is released
TITLE: ‘Little Miss Sunshine’ is released
TITLE: ‘Little Women’ is published
TITLE: ‘Little Women’ is released
TITLE: ‘Lolita’ is published
TITLE: ‘Lord of the Flies’ is published
TITLE: ‘Lost in Translation’ is released
TITLE: ‘Lost’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Lucifer’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Léon: The Professional’ is released
TITLE: ‘M*A*S*H’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘MSN’ launches
TITLE: ‘Macbeth’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Mad Max: Fury Road’ is released
TITLE: ‘Mad Men’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Magnolia’ is released
TITLE: ‘Mahjong’ is released
TITLE: ‘Malcolm in the Middle’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Mamma Mia!’ is released
TITLE: ‘Married... with Children’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Master of Puppets’ is released
TITLE: ‘Mean Girls’ is released
TITLE: ‘Meet Joe Black’ is released
TITLE: ‘Memento’ is released
TITLE: ‘Messenger’ launches
TITLE: ‘Microsoft Bing’ launches
TITLE: ‘Midsomer Murders’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Misery’ is released
TITLE: ‘Miss Saigon’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One’ is released
TITLE: ‘Moby-Dick’ is published
TITLE: ‘Mom’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Mona Lisa’ is painted
TITLE: ‘Moonlight’ is released
TITLE: ‘Mother's Milk’ is released
TITLE: ‘Moulin Rouge!’ is released
TITLE: ‘Mr Bean’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Mulholland Drive’ is released
TITLE: ‘My Hero Academia’ begins
TITLE: ‘Mystic River’ is released
TITLE: ‘Narcos’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Naruto’ begins
TITLE: ‘National Basketball Association’ launches
TITLE: ‘Nebraska’ is released
TITLE: ‘Netflix’ launches
TITLE: ‘Neuromancer’ is published
TITLE: ‘Nevermind’ is released
TITLE: ‘Nickelodeon’ launches
TITLE: ‘NieR: Automata’ releases
TITLE: ‘Nineteen Eighty-Four’ is published
TITLE: ‘No Country for Old Men’ is released
TITLE: ‘No Time to Die’ is released
TITLE: ‘Nomadland’ is released
TITLE: ‘Oldboy’ is released
TITLE: ‘Oliver Twist’ is published
TITLE: ‘Once Upon a Time in America’ is released
TITLE: ‘Once Upon a Time in Hollywood’ is released
TITLE: ‘Once Upon a Time’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘One Battle After Another’ is released
TITLE: ‘One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest’ is released
TITLE: ‘One Hundred Years of Solitude’ is published
TITLE: ‘One Piece’ is published
TITLE: ‘Only Murders in the Building’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Oppenheimer’ is released
TITLE: ‘Oshi no Ko’ begins
TITLE: ‘Othello’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Outlook.com’ launches
TITLE: ‘Parasite’ is released
TITLE: ‘Passengers’ is released
TITLE: ‘PayPal’ launches
TITLE: ‘Peaky Blinders’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Persona 5’ releases
TITLE: ‘Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell no Tales’ is released
TITLE: ‘Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl’ is released
TITLE: ‘Platoon’ is released
TITLE: ‘PlayStation 3’ launches
TITLE: ‘Please Please Me’ is released
TITLE: ‘Pokémon Legends: Z-A’ releases
TITLE: ‘Poor Things’ is released
TITLE: ‘Poppy Playtime’ releases
TITLE: ‘Predator’ is released
TITLE: ‘Pretty Woman’ is released
TITLE: ‘Pride & Prejudice’ is released
TITLE: ‘Prison Break’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Project Hail Mary’ is published
TITLE: ‘Prometheus’ is released
TITLE: ‘Psycho’ is released
TITLE: ‘Pulp Fiction’ is released
TITLE: ‘Raiders of the Lost Ark’ is released
TITLE: ‘Rain Man’ is released
TITLE: ‘Ram’ is released
TITLE: ‘Rebecca’ is published
TITLE: ‘Red Dead Redemption’ releases
TITLE: ‘Reddit’ launches
TITLE: ‘Requiem for a Dream’ is released
TITLE: ‘Resident Evil 4’ releases
TITLE: ‘Resident Evil Village’ releases
TITLE: ‘Resident Evil’ is released
TITLE: ‘Resident Evil’ releases
TITLE: ‘Revolver’ is released
TITLE: ‘Rocky’ is released
TITLE: ‘Rotten Tomatoes’ launches
TITLE: ‘Rubber Soul’ is released
TITLE: ‘Rumours’ is released
TITLE: ‘SCP Foundation’ launches
TITLE: ‘Sailor Moon’ is published
TITLE: ‘Saturn Devouring His Son’ is painted
TITLE: ‘Saving Private Ryan’ is released
TITLE: ‘Scarface’ is released
TITLE: ‘Scary Movie’ is released
TITLE: ‘Scent of a Woman’ is released
TITLE: ‘Schindler's List’ is released
TITLE: ‘Sci-Hub’ launches
TITLE: ‘Scott Pilgrim vs. the World’ is released
TITLE: ‘Scream 2’ is released
TITLE: ‘Scream’ is released
TITLE: ‘Seinfeld’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Sense and Sensibility’ is published
TITLE: ‘Seven’ is released
TITLE: ‘Sex and the City’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band’ is released
TITLE: ‘Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings’ is released
TITLE: ‘Shutter Island’ is released
TITLE: ‘Shōgun’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Sicario’ is released
TITLE: ‘Silent Hill 2’ releases
TITLE: ‘Skyfall’ is released
TITLE: ‘Slaughterhouse-Five’ is published
TITLE: ‘Slumdog Millionaire’ is released
TITLE: ‘Sonic the Hedgehog 3’ is released
TITLE: ‘Sons of Anarchy’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Spectre’ is released
TITLE: ‘Spider-Man 2’ is released
TITLE: ‘Spider-Man 3’ is released
TITLE: ‘Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse’ is released
TITLE: ‘Spider-Man: Far From Home’ is released
TITLE: ‘Spider-Man: Homecoming’ is released
TITLE: ‘Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse’ is released
TITLE: ‘Spider-Man: No Way Home’ is released
TITLE: ‘Spider-Man’ is released
TITLE: ‘Split’ is released
TITLE: ‘Spotlight’ is released
TITLE: ‘Spy × Family’ begins
TITLE: ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope’ is released
TITLE: ‘Star Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Skywalker’ is released
TITLE: ‘Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens’ is released
TITLE: ‘Starfield’ releases
TITLE: ‘Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde’ is published
TITLE: ‘Stranger Things’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Super Mario Galaxy’ releases
TITLE: ‘Superman’ is released
TITLE: ‘Taxi Driver’ is released
TITLE: ‘Ted Lasso’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Ted’ is released
TITLE: ‘Teen Wolf’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Tekken 3’ releases
TITLE: ‘Tenet’ is released
TITLE: ‘Terminator 2: Judgment Day’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Adventures of Tintin’ begins
TITLE: ‘The Alchemist’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Amazing Spider-Man 2’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Amazing Spider-Man’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Avengers’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Aviator’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Batman’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Bear’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘The Beatles’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Big Bang Theory’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘The Big Lebowski’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Big Short’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Birth of Venus’ is painted
TITLE: ‘The Birth of a Nation’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Blue Boy’ is painted
TITLE: ‘The Blues Brothers’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Book of Mormon’ premieres
TITLE: ‘The Boys’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘The Catcher in the Rye’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Conjuring’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Count of Monte Cristo’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Crown’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘The Daily Telegraph’ launches
TITLE: ‘The Dark Knight Rises’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Dark Knight’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Dark Side of the Moon’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Deer Hunter’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Departed’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Devil Wears Prada’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Devil's Advocate’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Dictator’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Exorcist’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Favourite’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Fifth Element’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Garden of Earthly Delights’ is painted
TITLE: ‘The Godfather Part III’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Godfather Part II’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Godfather’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Goldfinch’ is painted
TITLE: ‘The Good, the Bad and the Ugly’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Grand Budapest Hotel’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Great Gatsby’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Green Mile’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Guardian’ launches
TITLE: ‘The Handmaid's Tale’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘The Handmaid's Tale’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Hateful Eight’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Help’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Hobbit’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Hurt Locker’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Imitation Game’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Importance of Being Earnest’ premieres
TITLE: ‘The Irishman’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Last King of Scotland’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Last of Us Part II’ releases
TITLE: ‘The Last of the Mohicans’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Life of a Showgirl’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Little Prince’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Lord of the Rings’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Man in the High Castle’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Martian’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Martian’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘The Matrix Resurrections’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Matrix’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Maze Runner’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Metamorphosis’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Mummy’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Night Manager’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘The Notebook’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Passion of the Christ’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Perks of Being a Wallflower’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Phantom of the Opera’ premieres
TITLE: ‘The Pianist’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Prestige’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Punisher’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘The Pursuit of Happyness’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Revenant’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Road’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Seven Dials Mystery’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Shape of Water’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Shawshank Redemption’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Shining’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Silence of the Lambs’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Sixth Sense’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Social Network’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Sopranos’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘The Sound of Music’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Star-Spangled Banner’ dates to
TITLE: ‘The Starry Night’ is painted
TITLE: ‘The Stranger’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Substance’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Talented Mr. Ripley’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Tempest’ premieres
TITLE: ‘The Terminal’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Terminator’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Thing’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Three Musketeers’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Three-Body Problem’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Times of India’ launches
TITLE: ‘The Truman Show’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Uplift Mofo Party Plan’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Usual Suspects’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Wall’ is released
TITLE: ‘The War of the Worlds’ is published
TITLE: ‘The Washington Post’ launches
TITLE: ‘The Wire’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘The Wizard of Oz’ is released
TITLE: ‘The Wolf of Wall Street’ is released
TITLE: ‘There Will Be Blood’ is released
TITLE: ‘Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri’ is released
TITLE: ‘Thriller’ is released
TITLE: ‘TikTok’ launches
TITLE: ‘Titanic’ is released
TITLE: ‘To Kill a Mockingbird’ is published
TITLE: ‘Tomodachi Life’ releases
TITLE: ‘Top Gun: Maverick’ is released
TITLE: ‘Top Gun’ is released
TITLE: ‘Training Day’ is released
TITLE: ‘Trainspotting’ is released
TITLE: ‘Treasure Island’ is published
TITLE: ‘Tropic Thunder’ is released
TITLE: ‘Troy’ is released
TITLE: ‘True Detective’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Twitch’ launches
TITLE: ‘Ulysses’ is published
TITLE: ‘Unforgiven’ is released
TITLE: ‘Until Dawn’ releases
TITLE: ‘V for Vendetta’ is released
TITLE: ‘VK’ launches
TITLE: ‘Veronica Mars’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Vikings’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Voice of America’ launches
TITLE: ‘War and Peace’ is published
TITLE: ‘Wayback Machine’ launches
TITLE: ‘West Side Story’ premieres
TITLE: ‘What's Eating Gilbert Grape’ is released
TITLE: ‘Whiplash’ is released
TITLE: ‘Wicked’ premieres
TITLE: ‘Wii’ launches
TITLE: ‘Wikipedia’ launches
TITLE: ‘Wish You Were Here’ is released
TITLE: ‘World War Z’ is released
TITLE: ‘Xbox Series X and Series S’ launches
TITLE: ‘X’ launches
TITLE: ‘Yahoo! Mail’ launches
TITLE: ‘Young Sheldon’ airs for the first time
TITLE: ‘Zero Dark Thirty’ is released
TITLE: ‘Zodiac’ is released